

===== PAGE 0 =====
 - 1 - © 2013 Aegis Property Group Dated – 1-13-16
A
GREEMENT BETWEEN OWNER AND CONTRACTOR 
AGREEMENT made as of the 30th day of October 2023 between  Englewood Cliffs Surgery 
Center, LLC (the “Owner”), and IMC Construction (the “Contractor”), for the Project known as Englewood 
Cliffs Ambulatory Surgery Center Fit-out  located at 910 Sylvan Avenue, Englewood Cliffs, NJ 07632.  
This Agreement is initially executed for the Preconstruction services as defined herein.  In the 
event the Owner elects to proceed with the Construction phase of the work all terms and 
conditions herein shall apply. 
In consideration of the mutual covenants set forth herein, the OWNER and CONTRACTOR 
intending to be legally bound, agree as follows: 
1. DEFINITIONS
1.1 Contract and Contract Documents. 
1.1.1 The term "Contract Documents" shall mean this Agreement (the "Owner-Contractor 
Agreement"), the General Conditions of the Contract, Supplementary Conditions, if any, 
the Exhibits, the Drawings, the Specifications, all Addenda issued prior to and all 
Modifications issued after execution of this Owner-Contractor Agreement.  These form 
the Contract, and all are as fully a part of the Contract as if attached to this Owner-
Contractor Agreement or fully set forth herein.  An enumeration of the Contract 
Documents appears in Subsection 1.1.2 below.  The intent of the Contract Documents is 
to include all items necessary for the proper execution and completion of the Work by 
Contractor.  The Contract Documents are complementary, and what is required by one 
shall be as binding as if required by all; however, if anything in the Contract Documents is 
inconsistent with this Owner-Contractor Agreement, the Clarifications and Qualifications 
in Contractor’s Guaranteed Maximum Price Report shall govern.  Terms used in this 
Owner-Contractor Agreement, which are not otherwise defined herein and are defined in 
the Contract Documents, shall have the meanings designated in the Contract 
Documents. 
1.1.2 The Contract Documents which constitute the entire agreement between Owner and 
Contractor are enumerated as follows:   
1.1.2.1 This Owner-Contractor Agreement with its Exhibits and General Conditions 
(Exhibit A) attached hereto and incorporated by reference: 
1.1.2.2 The allowances (“Allowances”) for the Work included in the accepted Guaranteed 
Maximum Price Proposal; 
1.1.2.3 All Addenda and all Modifications to the Contract. 
1.1.2.4 All fully executed Change Orders. 
1.1.2.5 The drawings (“Drawings”) for the Work which are described on the Schedule 
included in the accepted Guaranteed Maximum Price Proposal. 
1.1.2.6 The specifications (“Specifications”) for the Work which are described on the 
Schedule included in the accepted Guaranteed Maximum Price Proposal. 
1.1.2.7 The Legal Description of Site, which describes the project site (“Project Site”) and 
is attached hereto as Exhibit M. 
1.1.3 Any documents furnished to Contractor that are not specifically identified in Subsection 
1.1.2 as part of the Contract Documents do not form part of the Contract Documents and 
were furnished to Contractor for its information only, to be used by Contractor at its own 

===== PAGE 1 =====
 
 
- 2 - 
 
© 2013 Aegis Property Group  
 
Dated – 1-13-16 
risk.  Owner assumes no responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of such 
documents and Contractor, for itself and its Subcontractors, releases the Owner from any 
claim, liability, loss, cost or expense arising from its reliance upon or use of such 
documents but the Contract Sum shall be equally adjusted to the extent that any 
information provided by the Owner or its consultants is inaccurate.  The Contractor and 
each Subcontractor shall evaluate and satisfy themselves as to the conditions and 
limitations under which the Work is to be performed, including, without limitation:  (1) the 
location, visible surface condition, layout and nature of the Project site and surrounding 
areas; (2) generally prevailing climatic conditions; (3) anticipated labor supply and costs; 
(4) availability and cost of materials, tools and equipment; and (5) other similar issues.  
The Owner assumes no responsibility or liability for the physical conditions or safety of 
the Project site or any improvements located on the Project site.  The Contractor shall be 
solely responsible for providing a safe place for the performance of the Work.  The Owner 
shall not be required to make any adjustment in either the Contract Sum or Contract Time 
in connection with any failure by the Contractor or any Subcontractor to comply with the 
requirements of this section. 
 
1.1.4 The term “Contract” means the Contract Documents, which form the Contract for 
Construction.  This Contract represents the entire and integrated agreement between the 
parties regarding the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior negotiations, 
representations, or agreements, either written or oral.  The Contract may be amended or 
modified only by a written agreement signed by both parties.  The Contract Documents 
shall not be construed to create a contractual relationship of any kind (1) between the 
Architect and Contractor, (2) between the Owner and a Subcontractor or Sub-
subcontractor, (3) between the Owner and Architect or (4) between any persons or 
entities other than the Owner and Contractor. The Owner shall have such rights as a 
third-party beneficiary of the agreements between the Contractor and its Subcontractors 
as are specified in this Owner-Contractor Agreement. 
 
1.1.5 The term “Notice to Proceed” means a letter from the Owner to the Contractor signed by 
an authorized agent of the Owner instructing the Contractor that the Construction Phase 
of the Work on the Site may commence. 
 
1.2 The term “Site” means the property where the Project is located, as described in Exhibit M, 
including all existing structures and improvements thereon.  
 
1.3 The term “Project” is the total construction of which the Work performed under the Contract 
Documents may be the whole or a part, and which may include construction by Owner or by 
separate contractors.  
 
1.4 The term "Work" means the construction and services required by the Contract Documents, 
whether completed or partially completed, and includes all other labor, materials, equipment and 
services provided or to be provided by the Contractor to fulfill the Contractor's obligations and all 
other duties and responsibilities of the Contractor under the Contract Documents. The Work may 
constitute the whole or a part of the Project. 
 
1.5 The term “Owner” means the person or persons or entities identified as such in this Owner-
Contractor Agreement and is referred to throughout the Contract Documents as if singular in 
number and masculine in gender.  The term Owner means the Owner or his authorized 
representative (the “Project Manager” as defined below). 
 
1.6 The term “Contractor” means the person or entity identified as such in the Owner-Contractor 
Agreement and is referred to throughout the Contract Documents as if singular in number and 
masculine in gender.  The term Contractor means the Contractor or his authorized representative.  
The Contractor is an independent contractor and not the Owner's agent, employee or authorized 
representative. 
 

===== PAGE 2 =====
 
 
- 3 - 
 
© 2013 Aegis Property Group  
 
Dated – 1-13-16 
1.7 The term “Architect” means the entity or entities engaging a person or persons lawfully licensed 
to practice architecture or engineering, which are identified as such by the Owner to provide 
consulting services relating to the investigation, safety, stabilization or environmental condition of 
a Project or to design the elements, prepare contract documents and monitor the construction of 
a complete building structure and system.  The Architect is an independent contractor and shall 
have the duties, responsibilities, and authority as set forth in the Contract Documents.   The 
names and addresses of the Architects are set forth on Exhibit N attached hereto.  Owner may 
add or delete names from Exhibit N upon notice to Contractor. 
 
1.8 The term “Project Manager” means the person or persons or entity identified by the Owner as its 
authorized representative for the Project.  The Owner has retained Aegis Property Group  as 
Project Manager for the Project under a separate contract.  
 
1.9 The term “Cost of the Work” is defined as set forth in Sections 8 and 9 of this Owner-Contractor 
Agreement. 
 
1.10 The term “Direct Cost” is a component of Cost of the Work, as defined in Exhibit C of this Owner-
Contractor Agreement. 
 
1.11 The term “General Conditions” is a component of Cost of the Work, divided into two types, as 
defined in Exhibit C of this Owner-Contractor Agreement. 
 
1.12 The term “General Requirements” is a component of the Direct Cost and is therefore part of the 
Cost of the Work, as defined in Exhibit C of this Owner-Contractor Agreement. 
 
1.13 The term “Construction Contingency” is defined in Section 7 of this Owner-Contractor Agreement. 
 
1.14 The term “Total Building Cost” is the sum of the Direct Cost plus the General Requirements plus 
the General Conditions plus the Construction Contingency. 
 
1.15 The terms “knowledge,” “recognize,” “discover,” and “observe,” their respective derivatives, and 
similar terms in the Contract Documents, as used in reference to a party, shall be interpreted to 
include, unless otherwise expressly indicated herein, that which the party should know, 
recognize, discover or observe in exercising the care, skill, and diligence required by the Contract 
Documents.  Analogously, the expression “reasonably inferable” and similar terms in the Contract 
Documents shall be interpreted to mean reasonably inferable by a party familiar with the Project 
and exercising the care, skill, and diligence required by the Contract Documents.  
 
1.16 The term “Contract Time” shall mean the period of time, subject to any extensions of time granted 
by the Owner as further provided herein, within which the Contractor must substantially complete 
the Work as more fully set forth in Section 4 of this Agreement. 
 
1.17 The term “Contract Sum” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.1 of this Agreement. 
 
 
2. THE OWNER 
 
2.1 Owner may change portions of the Work, add to the Work, or delete portions of the Work. Such 
changed, added, or deleted portions of the Work may be performed by other contractors or 
subcontractors and the Guaranteed Maximum Price shall be adjusted accordingly.  If Owner 
exercises such right, such portion of the Work shall be performed pursuant to a contract between 
Owner and other parties, and Contractor shall not have any further liability with respect to such 
portions of the Work performed by such other parties, provided, however, Contractor shall 
cooperate with such other parties and shall coordinate its Work with theirs. 
 
2.2 Owner’s Right to Stop the Work:  If Contractor repeatedly fails to correct Work which is not in 
accordance with the requirements of the Contract Documents or repeatedly fails to carry out 
Work in accordance with the Contract Documents following a seven (7) day period which 

===== PAGE 3 =====
 
 
- 4 - 
 
© 2013 Aegis Property Group  
 
Dated – 1-13-16 
Contractor shall be given the opportunity to commence a cure. Owner, by written order signed by 
the Owner’s authorized representative or by the Project Manager, may, in addition to exercising 
any other rights and remedies available to Owner, order Contractor to stop the Work, or any 
portion thereof, until the cause for such order has been eliminated, provided, however, the right of 
Owner to stop the Work shall not give rise to a duty on the part of Owner to exercise this right for 
the benefit of Contractor or any other person or entity.  Owner's right to stop the Work shall not 
relieve Contractor of any of its responsibilities and obligations under or pursuant to the Contract 
Documents. 
 
2.3 Owner’s Right to Carry Out the Work:  If Contractor defaults or neglects to carry out the Work in 
accordance with the Contract Documents and fails within a seven-day period after receipt of 
written notice from Owner to commence and continue correction of such default or neglect with 
diligence and promptness, Owner may immediately, without prejudice to other remedies Owner 
may have, correct such deficiencies.  In such case an appropriate Change Order shall be issued 
deducting from payments then or thereafter due Contractor the cost of correcting such 
deficiencies, including compensation for Architect's additional services and expenses made 
necessary by such default, neglect or failure.  If payments then or thereafter due Contractor are 
not sufficient to cover such amounts, Contractor shall pay the difference to Owner.  In the case of 
an emergency correction, where necessary to avoid damage to the Work or to other property, or 
injury to persons, the Owner may proceed immediately upon giving notice to the Contractor, and 
the above-referenced 7-day period shall not be applicable. 
 
2.4 Owner’s Right to Occupy: 
 
2.4.1 Owner may occupy or use any completed or partially completed element or portion of the 
Work, provided such occupancy or use is consented to by the insurer as required under 
Section 13 and authorized by public authorities having jurisdiction over the Work.  Such 
partial occupancy or use may commence whether or not the portion is Substantially 
Complete, provided that Owner and Contractor have accepted in writing the 
responsibilities assigned to each of them for payments, retainage if any, security, 
maintenance, heat, utilities, damage to the Work and insurance, and have agreed in 
writing concerning the period for correction of the Work and commencement of 
warranties required by the Contract Documents.  Owner’s occupancy or use of a portion 
of the Work that is not Substantially Complete shall not constitute a waiver of Contractor’s 
responsibilities with respect to Substantial Completion under Section 4.  Consent of 
Contractor to partial occupancy or use shall not be unreasonably withheld. 
 
2.4.2 Immediately prior to such partial occupancy or use, Owner, Contractor and Architect shall 
jointly inspect the area to be occupied or portion of the Work to be used in order to 
determine and record the condition of the Work.  Partial occupancy or use of a portion or 
portions of the Work shall not constitute acceptance of Work not complying with the 
requirements of the Contract Documents. 
 
2.5 Owner’s Right to Perform Construction and to Award Separate Contracts: 
 
2.5.1 Owner reserves the right to perform construction or operations related to the Project with 
Owner's own forces, and to award separate contracts in connection with other portions of 
the Project or other construction or operations on the Site 
 
2.5.2 When separate contracts are awarded for different portions of the Project or other 
construction or operations on the Site, the term “Contractor” in the Contract Documents in 
each case means the Contractor who executes each separate Owner-Contractor 
Agreement. 
 
2.5.3 Owner, at its option, shall either (i) provide for coordination of the activities of Owner's 
own forces and of each separate contractor with the Work of Contractor, who shall 
cooperate with them, or (ii) require that Contractor provide for such coordination, which 
Contractor shall perform when directed by Owner to do so; provided, however, that 

===== PAGE 4 =====
 
 
- 5 - 
 
© 2013 Aegis Property Group  
 
Dated – 1-13-16 
Contractor shall be compensated by Owner for such coordination services in a manner 
which Owner and Contractor shall agree upon in writing.  Contractor shall coordinate with 
other separate contractors and Owner in reviewing construction schedules.  Contractor 
shall make any revisions to the construction schedule deemed necessary after a joint 
review and mutual agreement.  The construction schedules shall then constitute the 
schedules to be used by Contractor, separate contractors and Owner until subsequently 
revised. 
2.5.3.1 The parties acknowledge and agree that the Owner may enter into separate 
contracts for other work for the Project and further acknowledge and agree that 
the provisions of Paragraph 2.5.3 do not apply to the coordination of those 
contracts.  Contractor shall coordinate its Work under this Owner-Contractor 
Agreement with those contracts as part of the Cost of the Work, subject to the 
GMP. 
2.5.4 If the proper execution of Contractor’s Work depends upon construction or operations by 
Owner or a separate contractor, Contractor shall, prior to proceeding with that portion of 
the Work, promptly report to the Architect apparent discrepancies or defects in such other 
construction that would render it unsuitable for such proper execution and results.  
Failure of Contractor to so report shall constitute an acknowledgment that Owner’s or 
separate contractors completed or partially completed construction is fit and proper to 
receive Contractor’s Work, except as to defects not then reasonably discoverable. 
2.5.5 The Contractor, and its Surety (if any) shall, upon demand, reimburse the Owner for 
liabilities, losses, costs and expenses incurred by the Owner which are payable to a 
separate contractor because of default by  Contractor.  In the absence of timely 
reimbursement, the Owner shall be entitled to withhold such amounts as it may deem 
appropriate on account of such liabilities, losses, costs and expenses from any payments 
then or thereafter due to the Contractor.  
 
2.6  Owner’s Right to Clean Up:  If a dispute arises among Contractor and separate contractors as to 
the responsibility under their respective contracts for maintaining the premises and surrounding 
area free from waste materials and rubbish as described in Exhibit A, General Conditions, Owner 
may clean up and allocate the cost among those responsible as Owner shall reasonably 
determine. 
 
 
3. THE WORK, THE CONTRACTOR AND THE SUBCONTRACTORS 
 
3.1 Definition.  The Contractor shall perform all the Work required by, and in accordance with, the 
Contract Documents, for the Project.  The Work shall be divided into the following two 
distinct phases, namely, the Preconstruction Phase and the Construction Phase:   
 
3.1.1 The “Preconstruction Phase” of the Work shall include the services set forth in Exhibit B, 
Section 1, and all other services of the type described in such exhibit customarily 
provided for similar Projects (the “Preconstruction Services”).  The Owner may request 
substantial changes in the quantity or quality of services described in such exhibit, which 
changes shall be implemented by appropriate Change Order. 
 
3.1.2 The “Construction Phase” of the Work shall include the services set forth in Exhibit B, 
Sections 2 and 3, all other services of the type described in such exhibit customarily 
provided for similar Projects, and the construction of the Project in accordance with the 
Drawings and Specifications.  The Work shall include all construction and services 
required by the Contract Documents, whether completed or partially completed, and 
includes all other labor, materials, equipment and services provided or to be provided by 
Contractor, or by any Subcontractors, Sub-subcontractors, material suppliers or any other 
person or entity for whom Contractor is responsible under the Contract Documents, to 
fulfill Contractor’s obligations.  The Contractor shall, before starting each portion of the 

===== PAGE 5 =====
 
 
- 6 - 
 
© 2013 Aegis Property Group  
 
Dated – 1-13-16 
Work, carefully study and compare the various Contract Documents relative to that 
portion of the Work, as well as the information furnished by the Owner, shall take field 
measurements of any existing conditions related to that portion of the Work, and shall 
observe any conditions at the site affecting it. These obligations are for the purpose of 
facilitating coordination and construction by the Contractor and are not for the purpose of 
discovering errors, omissions, or inconsistencies in the Contract Documents; provided, 
however, that the Contractor shall promptly report to the Owner and Architect any errors, 
inconsistencies or omissions discovered by or made known to the Contractor as further 
provided in Section 3.4.9. Contractor shall, as part of the Contract Sum, perform all Work 
required by the Contract Documents.  Work omitted from the Contract Documents shall 
only be performed if Owner establishes that such omitted details are ordinarily and 
customarily excluded from complete design documents of a project of this nature.  
 
3.1.3 The Contractor shall not be relieved of obligations to perform the Work in accordance 
with the Contract Documents either by activities or duties of the Architect in the 
Architect's administration of the Contract, or by tests, inspections or approvals required or 
performed by persons other than the Contractor. 
 
3.1.4 The Contractor is not allowed to perform any “Tenant” work on the project without 
written authorization by the Owner.  or The Contractor is not allowed to perform 
any improvement work to the residential units, under the direction of the resident, 
without written authorization by the Owner. 
 
3.2 Site Investigation: Prior to submitting the Guaranteed Maximum Price, Contractor shall visit the 
Site, become familiar with local conditions under which the Work is to be performed and correlate 
personal observations with requirements of the Contract Documents, and as a consequence 
thereof, Contractor shall rely solely on its own observations, and any written representations 
made by Owner, regarding the Site or the conditions under which the Work is to be performed.  
The submission of a Guaranteed Maximum Price proposal shall constitute a representation and 
warranty by the Contractor to the Owner that it has satisfied itself as to (i) the nature, location and 
visible character of the Project and the Site, including, without limitation, the visible surface and  
conditions of the Site and all structures and obstructions thereon and thereunder, both natural 
and man-made, and all surface  water conditions of the Site and surrounding area, (ii) the nature, 
location and character of the general area in which the Project is located, including, without 
limitation, its climatic conditions, available labor supply and labor costs and available equipment 
supply and equipment costs, and (iii) the quality and quantity of all materials, supplies, tools, 
equipment, labor and professional services necessary to complete the Work in the manner and 
within the cost and timeframe required by the Contract Documents. Contractor recognizes the 
extra degree of care required by the site construction circumstances with respect to safety, 
protection of pedestrians, cleanliness of the Site, health and other laws, and protection of existing 
utilities, adjacent streets and property.  In arriving at the Guaranteed Maximum Price and the 
Time of Completion, Contractor has, as an experienced and prudent Contractor, exercised its 
best judgment and expertise to include the impact of such circumstances upon the Guaranteed 
Maximum Price and the Time of Completion.  The Guaranteed Maximum Price shall not be 
increased on account of any of the conditions described in this Subsection, whether foreseen or 
unforeseen, unless the conditions differ materially from those represented in the Contract 
Documents, in which event the Guaranteed Maximum Price and Time of Completion shall be 
equitably adjusted due to such differing Site conditions, in accordance with the further provisions 
of the Owner-Contractor Agreement. 
 
3.3 The Owner-Contractor Relationship.  The Contractor recognizes and accepts the relationship 
established between the Contractor and the Owner by this Owner-Contractor Agreement and 
agrees that he shall at all times advance the Owner's interests in good faith.  The Contractor 
covenants with the Owner to furnish its best skill and judgment and to cooperate with the 
Architect in furthering the interests of the Owner and the Project.  The Contractor agrees to 
furnish efficient business administration and superintendence and to furnish at all times an 
adequate supply of workmen and materials, and to perform the Work in the best way and in the 
most expeditious and economical manner consistent with the Owner’s interests. 

===== PAGE 6 =====
 
 
- 7 - 
 
© 2013 Aegis Property Group  
 
Dated – 1-13-16 
 
3.4 Representations and Covenants.  The Contractor represents and covenants that: 
 
3.4.1 Prior to commencing the Construction Phase of the Work, the Contractor shall review the 
Contract Documents and shall be satisfied that the Contract Documents are adequate for 
the purpose of performing the Work and for preparing the Guaranteed Maximum Price. 
 
3.4.2 Contractor has reviewed all Contract Documents identified in Section 1.1.2.  To the 
extent that Contractor has received and reviewed any other information from the Owner, 
as referenced in Exhibit W, it does so under and in accordance with the provisions of 
Section 1.1.3.    
 
3.4.3 The Contractor is experienced in the field of construction and construction estimating, 
and is qualified, consistent with industry standards, to prepare the Guaranteed Maximum 
Price based upon the Contract Documents. 
 
3.4.4 The Contractor has made, or at the time it submits the Guaranteed Maximum Price will 
have made, investigations necessary and appropriate to gain a full understanding of the 
Work to be performed on the Project. 
 
3.4.5 To the best of the Contractor's knowledge after reasonable investigation, all gas, 
electricity, water and sewer services, and other utilities necessary or required during the 
construction of the Project are currently available in such a manner and to such extent 
that construction of the Project will not be materially delayed or otherwise impeded by the 
lack thereof.  In the event that the Contractor learns that one or more of such utilities may 
not be available in the manner identified in the preceding sentence, the Contractor shall 
promptly notify the Owner..   
 
3.4.6 The Contractor will perform and complete each of the tasks assigned to it on a timely 
basis (time being of the essence herein) in accordance with the description of the 
services set forth in the Contract Documents; such services will be provided in 
accordance with the degree of skill and care normally exercised by well-qualified 
Contractors experienced in projects of similar scope and kind to the Project; the 
Contractor shall be fully responsible for all services provided hereunder whether such 
services are provided directly by the Contractor or its employees or agents or by any 
consultants or Subcontractors hired by the Contractor; and all the materials and 
equipment furnished and used in connection with the Work shall be new or, if directed by 
the Owner, restored and in accordance with the Contract Documents.  Contractor shall 
cause all materials to be readily available as and when required or needed in accordance 
with the Construction Schedule. 
 
3.4.7 Contractor shall install, maintain and remove fences or barricades at the Site in a manner 
consistent with the phasing of construction as required by the Contract Documents and 
with all applicable governmental regulations. 
 
3.4.8 The Guaranteed Maximum Price shall include all Work indicated in  the Contract 
Documents except for those items, if any, specifically listed in the accepted Guaranteed 
Maximum Price Proposal and for the Preconstruction Services.   
 
3.4.9 The Contractor is not required to ascertain that the Contract Documents are in 
accordance with applicable laws, statutes, ordinances, codes, rules and regulations, or 
lawful orders of public authorities.  In order to facilitate construction and not in the role of 
a design professional, the Contractor shall carefully study and compare the Contract 
Documents with each other and with information furnished by the Owner pursuant to the 
Contract Documents and shall promptly provide written notice to the Owner and Architect 
of any errors, inconsistencies or omissions discovered or known any variances from 
applicable laws, regulations, ordinances or orders issued by any governmental authority 
having jurisdiction over the Project or the parties to this Owner-Contractor Agreement.  

===== PAGE 7 =====
 
 
- 8 - 
 
© 2013 Aegis Property Group  
 
Dated – 1-13-16 
The Contractor shall not be responsible for any errors, inconsistencies or omissions 
discovered or any variances from applicable laws, regulations, ordinances or orders 
issued by any governmental authority having jurisdiction over the Project or the parties to 
this Owner-Contractor Agreement unless the Contractor discovered or was aware of such 
errors, inconsistencies, omissions or variances and failed to notify the Owner of such 
issues.  If the Contractor performs any construction activity knowing it involves an error, 
inconsistency, code violation or omission in the Contract Documents without written 
notice to the Architect and Owner, the Contractor shall assume appropriate responsibility 
for such performance and shall bear an appropriate amount of the costs of correction.  
The Contractor shall perform no portion of the Work at any time without Contract 
Documents or, where required, Shop Drawings, Product Data or Samples for such 
portions of the Work bearing the Architect's appropriate action stamp. 
 
3.4.10 The Contractor shall be solely responsible for and have control over construction means, 
methods, techniques, sequences and procedures and for coordinating all portions of the 
Work under the Owner-Contractor Agreement.  If the Contract Documents give specific 
instructions concerning construction means, methods, techniques, sequences or 
procedures, the Contractor shall evaluate the jobsite safety thereof and, except as stated 
below, shall be fully and solely responsible for the jobsite safety of such means, methods, 
techniques, sequences or procedures. If the Contractor determines that such means, 
methods, techniques, sequences or procedures may not be safe, the Contractor shall 
give timely written notice to the Owner and Architect and shall not proceed with that 
portion of the Work without further written instructions, reasonably satisfactory to the 
Contractor, from the Architect. 
 
3.4.11 In order to facilitate construction and not for the purpose of discovering errors, omissions, 
or inconsistencies in the Contract Documents, Contractor shall take field measurements 
and verify field conditions and shall carefully compare such field measurements and 
conditions and other information known to Contractor with the Contract Documents 
before commencing activities.  Errors, inconsistencies or omissions discovered shall be 
reported in writing to Owner and Architect at once. 
 
3.4.12 Contractor may make substitutions only with the written consent of the Owner, after 
evaluation by the Architect and in accordance with a Request for Substitution (Exhibit F). 
 
3.4.13 Each of the Contractor’s employees and Subcontractors engaged to perform services 
hereunder will be fully qualified to do so and shall perform such services, and shall 
prepare any work product, materials or deliverables to be provided to Owner hereunder, 
in a professional manner in accordance with the highest industry standards.  Contractor 
shall enforce strict discipline and good order among Contractor's employees, 
Subcontractors, and other persons carrying out the Contract. Contractor shall not permit 
employment of unfit persons or persons not skilled in tasks assigned to them.  Contractor 
shall comply with all federal, state and local laws, rules and regulations regarding 
employing or contracting persons to perform the Work. All Work required to be done by 
persons licensed under applicable governmental requirements and codes shall be 
performed only by such licensed persons. 
 
3.4.14 Contractor shall employ a competent Project Superintendent, Project Manager and 
Project Executive (all as identified on Exhibit P hereto) and necessary assistants who 
shall be in attendance at the Site at all times during performance of the Work 
(collectively, the “Construction Supervisors”).  The Construction Supervisors shall 
represent Contractor, and communications given to the Construction Supervisors shall be 
as binding as if given to Contractor. Important communications shall be confirmed in 
writing.  Other communications shall be similarly confirmed on written request in each 
case.  The Construction Supervisors shall be satisfactory to Owner and Owner shall have 
the right to require Contractor to dismiss from the Project any Construction Supervisor 
whose performance is not satisfactory to Owner.  Contractor shall not replace any 

===== PAGE 8 =====
 
 
- 9 - 
 
© 2013 Aegis Property Group  
 
Dated – 1-13-16 
Construction Supervisor without the consent of Owner, which consent shall not be 
unreasonably withheld.  
 
3.4.15 Contractor represents and warrants the following to Owner (in  addition to the other 
representations and warranties contained in the Contract Documents), as an inducement 
to Owner to execute this Owner-Contractor Agreement, which representations and 
warranties shall survive the execution and delivery of this Owner-Contractor Agreement 
and the final completion of the Work: 
 
3.4.15.1 That it is financially solvent, able to pay its debts as they mature and 
possessed of sufficient working capital to complete the Work and perform its 
obligations under the Contract Documents. 
 
3.4.15.2 That it is able to furnish the plant, tools, materials, supplies, equipment and 
labor required to complete the Work and perform its obligations hereunder and 
has sufficient experience and competence to do so. 
 
3.4.15.3 That it is authorized to do business in the state and municipality where the 
Project is located. 
 
3.4.15.4 That its execution of this Owner-Contractor Agreement and its performance 
thereof is within its duly authorized powers. 
 
3.4.15.5 That it will cooperate with Owner in order to maximize potential sales and use 
tax savings, or other exemptions that may be applicable to Owner’s status or 
transactional structure.  Such cooperation shall include, if so directed by 
Owner, the Contractor’s installation in the Project of tangible personal property 
purchased by Owner, another party involved in the Project, or an agent for one 
of such parties. 
 
3.4.15.6 That it shall not discontinue its business, be dissolved or otherwise suffer or 
permit any termination of its corporate existence, transfer, sell or assign all or a 
material portion of its properties or assets, or, unless it first provides at least 
ninety (90) days prior written notice to Owner, enter into any merger or 
consolidation with another entity. 
 
3.4.15.7 That the performance of its services will not in any way violate or infringe the 
rights of third parties, including proprietary information and non-disclosure 
rights, or any trademark, copyright, patent, or intellectual property rights. 
 
3.4.15.8 The architect shall be responsible for designing the project to comply with all 
laws, codes, rules and regulations. Contractor shall comply fully with all shown 
federal, state and local laws, rules, regulations and orders applicable to this 
Owner-Contractor Agreement or the performance of services hereunder  
Contractor has and shall maintain all necessary licenses from governmental, 
public and other authorities necessary or useful to perform the services 
hereunder.  All work required to be done by persons licensed under applicable 
governmental requirements and codes shall be performed only by such 
licensed persons. 
 
3.4.15.9 That it will not discriminate or permit discrimination against any person or group 
of persons on the grounds of race, color, religious creed, age, marital status, 
national origin, ancestry, sex, mental retardation or physical disability, 
including, but not limited to, blindness, in any manner prohibited by applicable 
law. 
 
3.5 Subcontractors. 
 

===== PAGE 9 =====
 
 
- 10 - 
 
© 2013 Aegis Property Group  
 
Dated – 1-13-16 
Unless otherwise stated in the Contract Documents or the bidding requirements, Contractor, as 
soon as practicable after the execution of this Owner-Contractor Agreement, shall furnish 
in writing to Owner the names of persons or entities from which bids shall be submitted 
by the Contractor (including those who are to furnish materials or equipment fabricated to 
a special design) proposed for each principal portion of the Work (“Subcontractors”).  
Owner, with the Architect’s advice, will promptly reply to Contractor in writing stating 
whether or not Owner has any objection to any such proposed person or entity.  
Contractor shall request bids only from Subcontractors and/or suppliers to which Owner 
has no objection, shall review such  bid tabulation sheets with Owner, and shall make its 
recommendation to Owner as to which bids to accept.  The Owner and Contractor  will 
then jointly determine,  which bids will be accepted.  Should Owner  reject qualified 
bidder recommended by Contractor, the GMP shall be increased by the amount, if any, 
that the bid selected by Owner exceeds the bid recommended by Contractor; provided, 
however, that the GMP shall not be adjusted if such proposed Subcontractor is unwilling 
or unable to comply with the requirements of the Contract Documents which govern the 
Work of the proposed Subcontractor in question, or such Subcontractor does not qualify 
with the requirements of this Contract, including without limitation the provisions of 
Section 3..5.2 below.  The prior written approval of Owner shall be required for all 
subcontracts and purchase orders in excess of $10,000 (Ten Thousand Dollars).  The 
prior written approval of the Owner shall be required for all change orders in excess of 
$1,000 (One Thousand Dollars) issued with respect any subcontracts and purchase.  
3.5.1 All persons or entities proposed by Contractor to be Subcontractors or Sub-
subcontractors shall be responsible persons or entities, of suitable experience and ability 
to perform the Work proposed to be subcontracted to it.  Owner shall have the right to 
reject any proposed Subcontractor which Owner reasonably determines is not reputable, 
lacks the requisite experience or is otherwise not suitable to perform the portion of the 
Work to be performed by such person.  Failure of Owner or Architect to reply to a request 
to approve a proposed bidder within ten (10) days shall be deemed notice of no 
reasonable objection. 
 
 
3.5.1.1 In lieu of requiring the Subcontractors to provide a performance bond and payment bond 
Contractor  shall enroll the Subcontractors in Subcontractor Default Insurance or 
Subguard program.  The cost of the Subguard program shall not exceed one and two 
tenths per cent (1.2%) of the amount of such subcontracts enrolled in the program.  
Contractor shall deliver to the Owner a Financial Interest Endorsement to its Subguard 
Policy for the benefit of the Owner upon enrollment of the first Subcontractor and shall 
provide Owner with such information regarding such Subguard insurance coverage as 
Owner shall request from time to time. 
 
3.5.1.1.1 Subguard premiums shall be invoiced on a monthly basis as subcontract awards 
are made. 
 
3.5.2 Contractor shall not contract with a proposed person or entity to whom Owner has 
objected.  If Owner has objection to a person or entity proposed by Contractor, 
Contractor shall propose another to whom Owner has no objection.  Contractor shall not 
be required to contract with anyone to whom Contractor has made reasonable objection. 
 
3.5.3  Not Used 
 
3.5.4 Contractor shall not change a Subcontractor, person or entity previously selected if 
Owner objects to such change. 
 
3.5.5 Work performed by Contractor’s own field forces may include ‘General Conditions’ items 
as set forth in Exhibit C, and other elements of the Work; provided, however, that no 
Work shall be performed by Contractor’s own field forces unless and until Contractor 
gives prior written notification to Owner (including unit prices for materials and labor) and 
obtains Owner’s written consent before performing the Work.  Owner reserves the right to 

===== PAGE 10 =====
 
 
- 11 - 
 
© 2013 Aegis Property Group  
 
Dated – 1-13-16 
require competitive bids from at least three (3) qualified subcontractors for any Work 
proposed to be performed by Contractor’s own field forces. 
 
3.5.6 Prior to commencement of Work by any Subcontractor, the Contractor and the 
Subcontractor shall (i) execute a written subcontract agreement, (ii) obtain the insurance 
required under the Contract Documents, (iii) to the extent required by the Contract 
Documents, the Subcontractor shall obtain performance and payment bonds in 
accordance with 3.5.2 (with sureties acceptable to Contractor and Owner and in the form 
of Exhibits I-1, I-2 and I-3 attached hereto, or in such other form as is acceptable to 
Contractor and Owner); and (iv) deliver to the Owner an executed Waiver of Liens for the 
Project in a form that is reasonably satisfactory to the Owner’s counsel and is suitable for 
filing of public record if and to the extent permitted by applicable state law.  
 
3.5.7 The Contractor hereby assigns all subcontracts and purchase orders that it has entered 
into or in connection with the Project (at the same price and on the same terms) to (a) 
Owner or (b) such other entity designated by Owner, and their respective successors and 
assigns; provided, however, that such assignment shall only be effective upon (i) 
acceptance of such assignment by Owner, such other party, or their respective 
successors or assigns, as applicable, by notification in writing to the Subcontractor and 
(ii) the for cause termination of this Contract or the Contractor’s right to proceed with the 
Work under the further provisions of the Contract Documents; and, provided further, that 
such assignment shall be subject to any prior rights of the Contractor’s Surety, if any.  
Notwithstanding anything else contained in this Owner-Contractor Agreement, until such 
assignment is accepted, neither Owner nor such other party shall be responsible for 
performance thereunder, and the Subcontractor shall have no claim or cause of action 
against any such party.  All subcontracts shall include provisions (a) permitting 
assignment in accordance with the provisions of this paragraph at the option of Owner (b) 
providing that Owner shall be a third-party beneficiary of the Subcontractor’s obligations 
with respect to the performance of the Work, (c) containing Subcontractor warranty 
obligations consistent with the warranty obligations contained in Section 15.10 of this 
Owner-Contractor Agreement, and (d) providing that title to all materials, equipment and 
supplies shall pass to Owner upon  payment therefore by Owner to Contractor.  Copies of 
all executed Subcontracts shall be delivered promptly to Owner. 
 
3.5.8 Prior to the recommendation of the Guaranteed Maximum Price by the Contractor to the 
Owner, the Owner, Landlord, Contractor and Architect shall approve the identity of all the 
Subcontractors or proposed Subcontractors who are or will be required to submit 
stamped drawings by a licensed Registered Architect or Professional Engineer for the 
state in which the Work is being performed.  
 
3.5.9 Assuming all reasonable efforts are made, Contractor cannot be held responsible for any 
products required by Owner to be supplied, installed or furnished under this Agreement 
that are available from, or are required to be procured from, only one source. 
Furthermore, Contractor cannot be held responsible for schedule, quality performance, 
etc. of any subcontractor or supplier that is specifically required by the Owner to be 
utilized under this Agreement. 
 
3.6 Not Used 
 
4. TIME OBLIGATIONS AND SCHEDULES 
 
4.1 Substantial Completion. 
 
4.1.1 "Substantial Completion" is the date, as proposed by the Contractor, certified to by 
Architect and approved by the Owner, when the Work, or a designated portion thereof 
satisfies all of the following conditions (except to the extent the same shall be specifically 
waived or modified in writing by Owner).  Contractor is solely responsible for all work 
necessary to accomplish these conditions. 

===== PAGE 11 =====
 
 
- 12 - 
 
© 2013 Aegis Property Group  
 
Dated – 1-13-16 
 
4.1.1.1 The Work or designated portion thereof has been completed in accordance with 
the Contract Documents (except for minor punch list Work in accordance with a 
punch list prepared by the Architect, in consultation with the Owner); 
 
4.1.1.2 All elevators included in the Work or designated portions thereof (except 
temporary elevators), are fully operational and functioning in accordance with the 
Contract Documents; 
 
4.1.1.3 All heating, plumbing, ventilating and air conditioning systems included in the 
Work, or designated portions thereof, are fully operational and functioning in 
accordance with the Contract Documents; 
 
4.1.1.4 All life safety systems or designated portions thereof, included in the Work are 
fully operational and functioning in accordance with the Contract Documents; 
 
4.1.1.5 The Work, or designated portion thereof, is suitable for its intended use;  
 
4.1.1.6 The Certificate of Substantial Completion has been issued by the Architect.  The 
date upon which the Work is deemed to be substantially complete is referred to 
as "Substantial Completion" in the Contract Documents;  
 
4.1.1.7 A final Certificate of Occupancy or a Temporary Certificate of Occupancy (as 
may be appropriate for a designated portion) for the Project has been issued by 
the governmental authorities having jurisdiction thereof unless withheld for no 
fault of contractor; and   
 
4.1.1.8 The Certificate of Substantial Completion shall be submitted to the Owner and 
Contractor for their written acceptance of responsibilities assigned to them in 
such Certificate. Upon such acceptance and consent of surety, if any, the Owner 
shall make payment of retainage less 150% of the cost to complete the 
remaining work.  
 
4.1.2 The following milestones are established, conditioned upon timely completion of design 
and local approvals: 
 
4.1.2.1 End of Preconstruction Phase: 01-19-2024 
 
4.1.2.2 Execute Construction GMP Change Order:  January 5, 2024  
 
4.1.3 At the time of this Agreement, the Preconstruction and design efforts are targeting 
achievement of a GMP as stated in 4.1.2 and corresponding project schedule consistent 
with the following milestones.  However, the actual project schedule shall not be 
established until such time as the GMP is established by mutual agreement. 
 
4.1.3.1 Substantial Completion .  (To be determined (“TBD”) at submission of GMP.)  
July 11, 2024 based on Owner providing notice to proceed by January 25, 2024 
and receipt of all Department of Health and Department of Community Affairs 
Approvals.   
 
4.1.3.2 :  
 
4.2 Final Completion.   
 
4.2.1 The “Final Completion” of the Work is that date on which, according to a Certification of 
the Architect, Contractor has completed all the Work, including but not limited to 
satisfactory operation of all equipment, by means of acceptance tests, correction of all 
punch list items to the satisfaction of Architect, release of all mechanics', materialmen's, 

===== PAGE 12 =====
 
 
- 13 - 
 
© 2013 Aegis Property Group  
 
Dated – 1-13-16 
construction and like liens, delivery of all guarantees, three copies of all equipment 
operation and maintenance manuals, as-built drawings, final or Temporary Certificates of 
Occupancy, or other certificates required for occupancy, mechanical, electrical and 
plumbing certificates, all other required approvals and acceptances by city, county and 
state governments, or other authorities having jurisdiction, and removal of all rubbish, 
tools, scaffolding and surplus materials and equipment from the Project Site.  Owner will 
review and accept or reject the Certificate of Final Completion prepared by Contractor 
and verified by the Architect, which acceptance shall not be unreasonably withheld.  
 
4.2.2 Final Completion for each Project component and for the Project as a whole shall be 
confirmed in writing by Owner and Contractor. 
 
4.2.3 The Contractor must achieve Final Completion for any Project component not later than 
ninety days (90) after Substantial Completion for that Project component, or within such 
earlier time as may be provided in the approved Project construction schedule. 
 
4.3 Schedule.  Each Phase shall commence and end as follows: 
 
4.3.1 Preconstruction Phase.  The Contractor shall commence the Preconstruction Phase of 
the Work upon written notification and shall continue until the earliest of completion of all 
Preconstruction services, acceptance of the Guaranteed Maximum Price by the Owner or 
notice of termination of the Contract pursuant to Section 14.   
 
4.3.2 Construction Phase.  The Contractor shall commence the Construction Phase of the 
Work upon issuance of a Notice to Proceed and, thereafter shall diligently proceed with 
the performance thereof to completion and agrees that Substantial Completion shall be 
achieved by the time established in the Construction Schedule (“Time of Completion”).   
 
4.3.2.1 Exhibit O is the ‘Conceptual Project Schedule” for the Project.  The Construction 
Phase of the Work shall be performed in accordance with a detailed construction 
schedule (the "Construction Schedule") to be included in the accepted 
Guaranteed Maximum Price Proposal.   The Contractor shall deliver to the 
Owner this detailed Construction Schedule, which shall include Milestone Dates 
in accordance with the Conceptual Project Schedule set forth in Exhibit O and 
which shall be otherwise acceptable to the Owner in all respects.  The 
Construction Schedule shall set forth, among other things, the time for 
performance of the various elements of the Work, the completion time for critical 
aspects of the Work, milestone dates for work required by others not under the 
Contractor’s control (such as the Architect) and the proposed dates of 
Substantial Completion and Final Completion.  Upon approval of the 
Construction Schedule by Owner, it shall become part of the Contract 
Documents and the proposed dates of Substantial Completion and Final 
Completion shall be the dates of Substantial Completion and Final Completion of 
the Work.  The Contractor shall submit the proposed Construction Schedule to 
the Owner as soon as possible, but in no event later than the date that the 
Contractor submits the Guaranteed Maximum Price pursuant to Section 5.  The 
Construction Schedule, when approved by the Owner, shall be included in the 
accepted Guaranteed Maximum Price Proposal.  Once the Construction 
Schedule has been submitted to and approved by the Owner, the Construction 
Schedule shall be updated by the Contractor as required by Contractor’s Scope 
of Work as defined in Exhibit B.  Each such update shall be submitted to and 
subject to the approval of the Owner.  If the Contractor's proposed Construction 
Schedule is not acceptable to the Owner in all respects, in the Owner's sole 
discretion, the Owner may terminate this Owner-Contractor Agreement or the 
Contractor's right to proceed with the Work, in accordance with Section 14. 
 
4.3.3 The Contractor shall maintain the Construction Schedule (as the same may be amended 
by Change Order from time to time as expressly permitted herein) and meet all critical 

===== PAGE 13 =====
 
 
- 14 - 
 
© 2013 Aegis Property Group  
 
Dated – 1-13-16 
path dates.  Should Contractor fail to meet any of the critical path dates, Contractor shall, 
upon written notice from Owner, cause its employees, Subcontractors, and all other 
parties covered by this Contract to perform and work at hours on days, in addition to the 
normal working hours and normal working days, whatever overtime work or shift work is 
necessary to return to the original Construction Schedule.  Contractor may use the 
Construction Contingency to fund costs for any additional compensation paid to its 
employees or its Subcontractors’ employees or for any cost resulting from such overtime 
work or shift work, unless otherwise provided herein, but no adjustment shall be made to 
the Guaranteed Maximum Price. 
 
4.3.4 The Contractor shall regularly update and maintain the Construction Schedule; provided, 
however, that no update of the Construction Schedule shall serve to extend the Time of 
Completion, or extend or modify the milestone dates set forth in 4.1.2 and 4.1.3, unless 
authorized by the Owner in a written Change Order. 
4.3.5 The Project Schedule.  The Owner’s Conceptual Project Schedule is provided in Exhibit 
O.  Once approved by the Owner, the Construction Schedule included in the accepted 
Guaranteed Maximum Price Proposal shall take precedence.  
 
 
4.4 Time of the Essence.  Time is of the essence in the performance of the Contract. 
 
4.5 Delays: Force Majeure.   
 
4.5.1 If Contractor is delayed in the performance of Work on the critical path by reason of any 
of the following causes (or any combination of the following causes): (i) fire or other 
casualty not caused by the Contractor or any of its Subcontractors (ii) unusual and 
extreme weather,  (iii) war or national conflicts or priorities arising therefrom (a “Force 
Majeure Event”), (iv) or other causes beyond Contractor’s control and ability to mitigate, 
then the Time of Completion and/or the milestone dates shall be extended for a period 
equal to the length of such critical path delay, or as otherwise negotiated between the 
Owner and Contractor, and reimbursement for proven actually needed Contractor’s costs 
if, within ten (10) days after such delay, Contractor requests an extension of time, in 
writing, for such delay.  In the case of a continuing cause of delay, Contractor shall be 
required to make only one such request with respect thereto.  It shall be the Contractor’s 
responsibility to demonstrate to Owner, by an appropriate time impact study or other 
schedule analysis, that the Force Majeure Event for which an extension of the Time of 
Completion and/or any milestone date is requested resulted in a delay to the critical path 
of the Construction Schedule and an extension of time shall be granted under this section 
only if there has been, and only to the extent of, such critical path delay.  In addition: 
 
4.5.1.1 In case the Contractor is delayed at any time or for any period by two or more 
causes that would entitle the Contractor to an extension of time, the Contractor 
shall not be entitled to a separate extension for each one of the causes but only 
one period of extension will be granted for the delay to the extent that the critical 
path is affected. 
 
4.5.1.2 If the Contractor is delayed in the performance of the Work by a cause that would 
entitle the Contractor to an extension of time, an extension of time shall be 
granted only for such portion(s) of the Work actually delayed, and the Contractor 
shall nevertheless proceed continuously and diligently with the prosecution of the 
remainder of the Work. 
 
4.5.1.3 Anything to the contrary herein notwithstanding, Contractor and Owner shall 
exert all reasonable efforts to minimize the circumstances that necessitate 
extensions of time resulting from Force Majeure Events. 
 

===== PAGE 14 =====
 
 
- 15 - 
 
© 2013 Aegis Property Group  
 
Dated – 1-13-16 
4.5.1.4  As an alternative to granting an extension of the Contract Time under this 
Section  on account of a Force Majeure event, the Owner shall have the right, 
upon written notice to the Contractor, to direct the Contractor to cause its 
employees, Subcontractors, and all other parties covered by this Owner-
Contractor Agreement to perform and work at hours and on days, in addition to 
the normal working hours and normal working days, whatever overtime work or 
shift work is necessary to return to the original Construction Schedule, to the 
extent practicable and requested by Owner.  In the case of such written direction, 
the Contractor’s reasonable and necessary costs and expenses incurred in such 
additional Work shall be included in the Cost of the Work and the GMP shall be 
increased accordingly. 
 
4.5.1.5 If a Force Majeure Event justifies an extension of the Time of Completion and/or 
the affected milestone dates, then the parties shall execute a Change Order 
equitably adjusting the Contract Time and Contract Sum on account thereof. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Contract Documents, an 
extension in the Contract Time and reimbursement of actually incurred costs, to 
the extent permitted under the Contract Documents, shall be the sole and 
exclusive remedy of the Contractor for a Force Majeure Event.    
4.6 Delays: Costs and Mitigation of Contractor Delays. 
 
4.6.1 Costs and Mitigation of Contractor Delays.  Should Contractor fail to comply with the 
Construction Schedule or meet any of the Project milestone dates, as they may be 
extended pursuant to Paragraph 4.5.1 above, then, upon written notice from Owner, 
Contractor shall, prepare a mutually agreeable schedule recovery plan which may include 
the following, Contractor at its sole cost and expense, causing its employees, 
Subcontractors, and all other parties covered by the Contract to perform and work at 
hours and on days, in addition to the normal working hours and normal working days, 
whatever overtime work or shift work is necessary to return to the original Construction 
Schedule, to the extent practicable.  Contractor’s reasonable and necessary costs and 
expenses incurred in such additional Work may be included in the Cost of the Work and 
charged to the Contingency, if any, but they shall not cause any increase in the GMP. 
 
4.6.2 Contractor recognizes that it is imperative that the Work proceed in an uninterrupted 
fashion and shall endeavor to prevent and shall promptly take all reasonable action to 
cure any work stoppage caused by any labor or jurisdictional disputes arising out of the 
assignment of Work to be performed by Contractor or its Subcontractors. 
 
4.6.3 To the extent that any delay caused by Owner, its agents or separate contractors is 
concurrent with any delay caused by the Contractor, the Contractor shall be entitled to an 
extension of time.  Upon written notice from Owner, Contractor shall, prepare a mutually 
agreeable schedule recovery plan which may include the following, Contractor causing its 
employees, Subcontractors, and all other parties covered by the Contract to perform and 
work at hours and on days, in addition to the normal working hours and normal working 
days, whatever overtime work or shift work is necessary to return to the original 
Construction Schedule, to the extent practicable.  To the extent that additional costs are 
incurred as a result of the concurrent delay described in this section, Owner shall bear 
one-half of the costs associated with concurrent delay and the contract sum shall be 
adjusted accordingly. Contractor’s reasonable and necessary costs and expenses 
incurred in such additional Work may be included in the Cost of the Work and charged to 
the Contingency. 
 
4.7 Delays: Owner Delays. 
 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Contract Documents, an extension in the Contract Time 
and reimbursement for proven increases in the Contractor’s  costs providing the delay impacted 
the critical path of the construction schedule and to the extent permitted under the Contract 

===== PAGE 15 =====
 
 
- 16 - 
 
© 2013 Aegis Property Group  
 
Dated – 1-13-16 
Documents, shall be the sole and exclusive remedies of the Contractor for any:  (1) delay in the 
commencement, prosecution or completion of the Work; (2) hindrance or obstruction in the 
performance of the Work; (3) loss of productivity; or (4) other similar claims (collectively referred 
to in this paragraph as Delays) whether or not such Delays are foreseeable and whether or not 
such Delays are the fault or responsibility of the Owner or any other person for whose acts the 
Owner is responsible, unless a delay is caused solely by the acts of the Owner constituting 
“active interference” with the Contractor’s performance of the work, and only to the extent that 
such acts continue after the Contractor furnishes the Owner with written notice of such 
interference.  In no event shall the Contractor be entitled to any other compensation or recovery 
of any other damages from the Owner in connection with any Delay, including, without limitation, 
consequential damages, lost opportunity costs, loss of bonding capacity, impact damages or 
other similar remuneration.  The term “active interference” as used in this paragraph shall mean 
only Owner’s affirmative or positive interference with the Contractor’s  Work or the failure on the 
part of the Owner to act in some essential matter necessary to the prosecution of the Work. 
 
4.7.1 Should Contractor, in any litigation or arbitration with the Owner, challenge the legality of 
this section 4.7 in whole or in part, or seek compensation or recovery of damages for any 
delay which are otherwise not recoverable under this paragraph, Contractor shall in such 
proceeding be liable to the Owner for all of Owner’s legal fees and costs of defending its 
rights under this paragraph. 
 
4.8 Temporary and Final Certificates of Occupancy:  The Contractor shall use all reasonable efforts 
to help Owner obtain the Temporary and Final Certificate of Occupancy for the Project.  
4.9 Liquidated Damages for Delay:    
4.9.1 Contractor acknowledges that Owner will incur damages, including increased financing 
costs and loss of revenue caused by delayed occupancy, if Contractor does not timely 
achieve Substantial Completion of the Project.  Contractor further acknowledges that the 
precise amount of such damages may be incapable of computation.  Therefore, 
Contractor (and its Surety, if any) agrees to pay to Owner as liquidated damages, and not 
as a penalty, the sum of Two thousand  Dollars ($2,000.00)  per day, or fraction thereof, 
for each day that completion is delayed beyond a cure period of 14 business days from 
the date of Substantial Completion established in accordance with Article 4.1.1. The 
liquidated damages will be capped at 50% of the Contractor’s fee. Owner shall be entitled 
to withhold, from any sums otherwise then or thereafter due and payable hereunder, 
payment of such sums sufficient to offset Contractor's liability for liquidated damages, 
equal to the amount of any actual delay to the Substantial Completion of the Project.  The 
provisions of this paragraph shall survive the termination of this Agreement or of 
Contractor's services hereunder.   
4.10 Waiver of Consequential Damages  
4.10.1 Except as hereinafter provided, the Contractor and the Owner waive claims against each 
other for consequential damages arising out of or relating to this Agreement.  This waiver 
includes damages incurred by the Contractor for principal office expenses including the 
compensation of personnel stationed there, for losses of financing, business and 
reputation, and for loss of profit except anticipated profit arising directly from the Work.  
This waiver shall in no way apply to or impair the Owner’s right to Liquidated Damages as 
provided in Section 4.9, nor shall it preclude the Owner from recovering consequential 
damages with respect to  bodily injury or property damage  covered by the Contractor’s 
insurance or that would have been so covered if the Contractor had obtained the 
insurance required by this Agreement or with respect to bodily injury or property damage 
claims of 3 
rd  parties for which Contractor provides indemnification pursuant to this 
Agreement.   
 
 
5. PRECONSTRUCTION PRICE AND GUARANTEED MAXIMUM PRICE 
 

===== PAGE 16 =====
 
 
- 17 - 
 
© 2013 Aegis Property Group  
 
Dated – 1-13-16 
5.1 The Contract Sum:  The Contract Sum, including authorized adjustments, is the total amount 
payable by Owner to Contractor for performance of the Work under the Contract Documents.  
The Contract Sum consists of (i) the “Cost of the Work” (as defined in Section 8), and (ii) 
Contractor’s Fee (as defined in Section 6).  The Contract Sum shall be allocated and costs shall 
be calculated in accordance with Exhibit C, GMP Cost Allocation and Calculation.  The Contract 
Sum shall not exceed the Guaranteed Maximum Price, once established, subject to additions and 
deductions only by Change Order in accordance with Section 10.  Costs which would cause the 
Guaranteed Maximum Price to be exceeded shall be paid by Contractor without reimbursement 
by Owner. 
 
5.1.1 The Owner may withhold its consent to the Guaranteed Maximum Price recommended 
by the Contractor, if it is not acceptable to the Owner for any reason whatsoever, in the 
Owner's sole discretion, and, in that event, the Owner may terminate this Owner-
Contractor Agreement or the Contractor's right to proceed with the Work, in accordance 
with Section 14 of this Contract. 
5.2 Preconstruction Price and Guaranteed Maximum Price:  In full consideration for the full and 
complete performance of the Work as described in Exhibit B and all obligations of Contractor 
hereunder, Owner shall pay to Contractor of the following sums:  
 
5.2.1 For Preconstruction Services: 
 
5.2.1.1 The fixed sum of Not To Exceed Thirty-Five Thousand, Three Hundred Fifty 
Two Dollars ($35,352.00 NTE), to be paid to Contractor as set forth in Exhibit Q. 
 
5.2.1.2 Select one of the following: 
 
[_X__] Contractor shall bill and be paid on a monthly basis for each phase of 
services as defined in the accepted Guaranteed Maximum Price Proposal.  
 
 
 
5.2.2 For Construction Services, a sum not to exceed the Guaranteed Maximum Price 
(“GMP”), which includes the Contractor’s Fee, General Conditions, Staffing Plan, 
Insurance and Surety Bond and Subguard Insurance policy costs as set forth in the 
Contractor’s Construction Cost Proposal, Exhibit R which is to be incorporated into the 
Agreement with a GMP Change Order. 
5.2.3  . 
5.3 Determination of Guaranteed Maximum Price.  At the times specified in Exhibit B, the Contractor 
shall submit proposals for the Guaranteed Maximum Price for the entire Project, which shall 
consist of the estimated Cost of Work and Contractor’s Fee.  When the Guaranteed Maximum 
Price is accepted by the Owner, it shall be set forth in an Amendment to this Owner-Contractor 
Agreement, and the Contractor’s obligation to submit further proposals shall cease.  The 
Guaranteed Maximum Price shall thereafter be subject to adjustment as provided herein. 
 
5.4 Component Guaranteed Maximum Price Procedure.  The Construction Manager will, if requested 
by the Owner, prepare, execute and submit the Guaranteed Maximum Price (“GMP”) proposal in 
such components, or early release packages, as may be reasonably requested by the Owner in 
accordance with the further provisions of this paragraph.  When the Drawings and Specifications 
for such particular components or early release packages are complete and ready for 
construction, the Construction Manager will prepare, execute and submit for the Owner’s 
acceptance a proposed Component GMP Amendment, which shall be prepared and calculated in 
accordance with the other provisions of this Agreement applicable to the preparation and 
submission of the GMP proposal.    If accepted, the Component GMP Amendment, and the Work 
contemplated thereby, will be administered in accordance with the other provisions of this 
Agreement applicable to the performance of the Work.  If more than one Component GMP 
Proposal is requested, and accepted, by the Owner, the accepted Component GMP 

===== PAGE 17 =====
EXHIBIT A      1    Dated 2-25-14 
 
EXHIBIT A 
General Conditions of the Contract 
 
1. THE WORK, THE CONTRACTOR AND THE SUBCONTRACTORS 
a. Documents and Samples at the Site: 
i. Contractor shall maintain at the Site for Owner one record copy of the Drawings, 
Specifications, addenda, Change Orders and other Modifications, in good order and 
marked currently to record changes and selections made during construction, and in 
addition approved Shop Drawings, Product Data, Samp les and similar required 
submittals.  The marked up drawings showing as-built conditions shall be provided to the 
Architect for incorporation into the design documents as the final record set of design 
drawings. All of the above information shall be delivered to Owner in good condition upon 
completion of the Work and before final payment is made, and shall be signed by 
Contractor, certifying that they show complete and exact as-built conditions, stating sizes, 
kind of materials, vital piping, conduit locations and similar matters. 
ii. Contractor shall maintain all approved permit d rawings in a manner so as to make them 
accessible to governmental inspectors and other aut horized agencies.  All approved 
drawings shall be wrapped, marked and delivered to Owner within sixty (60) days of final 
completion of the Work. 
b. Shop Drawings, Product Data and Samples: 
i. Shop Drawings are drawings, diagrams, schedules and other data specially prepared for 
the Work by Contractor or a Subcontractor, Sub-subc ontractor, manufacturer, supplier or 
distributor to illustrate some portion of the Work. 
ii. Product Data are illustrations, standard schedu les, performance charts, instructions, 
brochures, diagrams and other information furnished by Contractor to illustrate materials 
or  equipment for some portion of the Work. 
iii. Samples are physical examples, which illustrat e materials, equipment or workmanship 
and establish standards by which the Work will be j udged. 
iv. Shop Drawings, Product Data, Samples and simila r submittals are not Contract 
Documents.  The purpose of their submittal is to demonstrate for those portions of the 
Work for which submittals are required the way Contractor proposes to conform to the 
information given and the design concepts expressed in the Contract Documents. 
v. Contractor shall review, approve and submit to A rchitect Shop Drawings, Product Data, 
Samples and similar submittals required by the Contract Documents with reasonable 
promptness and in such sequence as to cause no dela y in the Work or in the activities of 
Owner or of separate contractors.  Contractor shall direct the Subcontractors to complete 
their Shop Drawings and verify that such drawings are in accordance with the Drawings 
and Specifications. 
vi. Contractor shall perform no portion of the Work  requiring submittal and review of Shop 
Drawings, Product Data. Samples or similar submittals, until the respective submittal has 
been approved by the Architect.  Such Work shall be in accordance with approved 
submittals.  Work performed contrary to this procedure shall be at the risk and expense of 
Contractor.  All Shop Drawings used for fabrication and erection shall be those reviewed 

===== PAGE 18 =====
EXHIBIT A      2    Dated 2-25-14 
 
and approved by Architect.  If change is found to be necessary on any previously 
released Shop Drawing, Product Data or Sample, it shall be resubmitted for review. 
vii. By approving and submitting Shop Drawings, Product Data, Samples and similar 
submittals, Contractor represents that Contractor has determined and verified materials, 
field measurements and field construction criteria related thereto, or will do so, and has 
checked and coordinated the information contained within such submittals with the 
requirements of the Work and of the Contract Documents. 
viii. Contractor shall not be relieved of responsibility for deviations from requirements of the 
Contract Documents by Architect’s approval of Shop Drawings, Product Data, Samples 
or similar submittals unless Contractor has specifically informed Architect and Owner in 
writing of such deviation at the time of submittal and Architect and Owner have given 
written approval to the specific deviation.  Contractor shall not be relieved of responsibility 
for errors or omissions in Shop Drawings, Product Data, Samples or similar submittals by 
Architect’s approval thereof. 
ix. Contractor shall direct specific attention, in writing or on resubmitted Shop Drawings, 
Product Data, Samples or similar submittals, to revisions other than those requested by 
Architect on previous submittals. 
x. Informational submittals upon which Architect are not expected to take responsive action 
may be so identified in the Contract Documents. 
xi. When professional certification of performance criteria of materials, systems or 
equipment is required by the Contract Documents, Architect and Owner shall be entitled 
to rely upon the accuracy and completeness of such calculations and certifications. 
xii. Shop Drawings for architectural, structural, mechanical and electrical Work shall be 
submitted for approval to Architect.  Site drawings need to be submitted to the Civil 
Engineer with a copy to the Architect for coordination. 
xiii. The Contractor shall develop a submittal log listing each submittal, the date the submittal 
will be made, the desired duration of the submittal review process and revise and 
resubmit dates for more complicated submittals.  
xiv. Contractor shall assemble for Architect’s approval three complete copies in loose leaf 
binders of all operating and maintenance data from all manufacturers whose equipment 
is or will be installed in the Work.   
xv. Contractor shall submit to Owner a digital copy of all submissions made to Architect and 
Civil Engineer pursuant to this Paragraph. 
c. Use of Site: 
i. Contractor shall confine operations at the Site to areas permitted by law, ordinances, 
permits and the Contract Documents.  Contractor shall not unreasonably encumber the 
Site with materials or equipment. 
ii. Contractor shall assure free, convenient, unencumbered and direct access to properties 
neighboring the Site for owners of such properties and their respective tenants, agents, 
invitees and guests. 
d. Cutting and Patching: 
Englewood Cliff Surgercenter,LLC

===== PAGE 19 =====
EXHIBIT A      3    Dated 2-25-14 
 
i. Contractor shall be responsible for all cutting,  fitting or patching required to complete the 
Work or to make its parts fit together properly. 
ii. Contractor shall not damage or endanger a porti on of the Work or fully or partially 
completed construction of Owner or separate contractors by cutting, patching or 
otherwise altering such construction, or by excavation.  Contractor shall not cut or 
otherwise alter such construction by Owner or a separate contractor except with prior 
written consent of Owner and of such separate contractor.  Contractor shall not 
unreasonably withhold from Owner or a separate contractor Contractor’s consent to 
cutting or otherwise altering the Work. 
e. Cleaning Up: 
i. Contractor shall keep the premises and surroundi ng area free from accumulation of 
waste materials or rubbish.  At completion of the Work Contractor shall remove from and 
about the Project waste materials, rubbish, Contractor’s tools, construction equipment, 
machinery and surplus materials. Contractor shall t horoughly wash and clean all glass 
and mirror structures, and shall leave the Work neat and broom clean.  Contractor shall 
maintain streets and sidewalks around the Site in a clean condition.  Contractor shall 
establish a regular maintenance program of sweeping and hosing to minimize 
accumulation of dust and dirt upon such areas.  Contractor shall be responsible for the 
overall cleanliness and neatness of the Work. 
ii. If Contractor fails to clean up as provided in the Contract Documents, Owner may do so 
and the cost thereof shall be charged to Contractor, who shall pay such costs 
immediately upon demand of Owner. 
iii. In addition to general broom cleaning, Contrac tor shall perform, at a minimum and in 
accordance with the specifications, the following final cleaning for all trades at the 
completion of the Work: 
1. Remove temporary protections. 
2. Remove marks, stains, fingerprints and other soi l or dirt from painted, decorated 
and natural finish woodwork and other Work. 
3. Remove spots, plaster, soil and paint from ceram ic tile, marble, carpet and other 
finished materials, and wash or wipe clean. 
4. Clean fixtures, cabinet work and equipment, remo ving stains, paints, dirt and 
dust, and leave same in undamaged new condition. 
5. Clean aluminum, if any, in accordance with recom mendations of the 
manufacturer. 
6. Clean resilient floors thoroughly with a well-ri nsed mop containing only enough 
moisture to clean off surface dirt or dust and buff dry by machine to bring the 
surfaces to sheen. 
7. Clean interior and exterior surfaces of exterior  glass. 
f. Access to Work: 
i. Contractor shall provide Owner and Architect acc ess to the Work in preparation and 
progress wherever located. 

===== PAGE 20 =====
EXHIBIT A      4    Dated 2-25-14 
 
g. Royalties and Patents: 
i. Contractor shall pay all royalties and license f ees.  Contractor shall defend suits or claims 
for infringement of patent rights and shall hold Owner harmless from loss on account 
thereof, but shall not be responsible for such defense or loss when a particular design, 
process or product of a particular manufacturer or manufacturers is required by the 
Contract Documents.  However, if Contractor has reason to believe that the required 
design process or product is an infringement of a patent, Contractor shall be responsible 
for such loss unless such information is promptly furnished to Architect and Owner. 
h. Safety of Persons and Property: 
i. Contractor shall take all necessary precautions for safety of, and shall provide all 
necessary protection to prevent damage, injury or loss to: 
1. Employees on the Work and other persons who may be affected thereby. 
2. The Work and materials and equipment to be incor porated therein, whether in 
storage on or off the Site, under care, custody or control of Contractor or 
Contractor’s Subcontractors or Sub-subcontractors. 
3. Other property at the Site or adjacent thereto, such as trees, shrubs, lawns, 
walks, pavements, roadways, structures and utilities not designated for removal, 
relocation or replacement in the course of construction. 
ii. Contractor shall give notices and comply with a pplicable laws, ordinances, rules, 
regulations and lawful orders of public authorities bearing on safety of persons or 
property or their protection from damage, injury or loss. 
iii. Contractor shall erect and maintain, as requir ed by existing conditions and performance 
of this Agreement, reasonable safeguards for safety and protection, including posting 
danger signs and other warnings against hazards, pr omulgating safety regulations and 
notifying owners and users of adjacent sites and ut ilities. 
iv. When use or storage of explosives or other haza rdous materials or equipment or unusual 
methods are necessary for execution of the Work, Contractor shall exercise utmost care 
and carry on such activities under supervision of properly qualified personnel. 
v. Contractor shall promptly remedy damage and loss  (excluding damage or loss insured 
under property insurance required by the Contract Documents)  to property referred to in 
Paragraph 1.h.i of this Exhibit caused in whole or in part by Contractor, a Subcontractor, 
a Subsubcontractor, or anyone directly or indirectly employed by any of them, or by 
anyone for whose acts they may be liable and for wh ich Contractor is responsible under 
Paragraph 1.h.i of this Exhibit or violation of the Contract Documents by Contractor, 
except damage or  loss attributable to acts or omissions of Owner or Architect or  anyone 
directly or indirectly employed by either of them, or by anyone for those acts either of 
them may be liable, and not attributable to the fault or negligence of Contractor or breach 
of any of the terms of the Contract Documents by Contractor.   
vi. Contractor shall designate a responsible member  of Contractor’s organization at the Site 
whose duty shall be the prevention of accidents. Th is person shall be Contractor’s 
superintendent unless otherwise designated by Contr actor in writing to Owner and 
Architect. 

===== PAGE 21 =====
EXHIBIT A      5    Dated 2-25-14 
 
vii. Contractor shall not load or permit any part of the construction or Site to be loaded so as 
to endanger the safety of persons or property. 
viii. Contractor shall protect adjoining private or municipal property and shall provide 
barricades, temporary fences, and covered walkways required to protect the safety of 
passers-by, as required by prudent construction practices, local building codes, 
ordinances or other laws, or the Contract Documents. 
ix. Contractor shall maintain the Work, materials and apparatus free from injury or damage 
from rain, wind, storms, frost or heat.  If adverse weather makes it impossible to continue 
operations safely in spite of weather precautions, Contractor shall cease the Work and 
notify Owner and Architect of such cessation.  Contractor shall not permit open fires on 
the Site. 
x. In addition to its other obligations pursuant to the Agreement, Contractor shall, at its sole 
cost and expense, promptly repair any damage or disturbance to walls, utilities, 
sidewalks, curbs, and the property of third parties (including municipalities) resulting from 
the performance of the Work, whether by it or by its Subcontractors at any tier.  
Contractor shall maintain streets in good repair and traversable condition. 
i. Emergencies: 
i. In an emergency affecting safety of persons or property, Contractor shall act, at 
Contractor’s discretion, to prevent threatened damage, injury or loss.   
 
j. Uncovering of Work: 
i. If a portion of the Work is covered contrary to Architect’s or Owner’s request or to 
requirements specifically expressed in the Contract Documents, it must, if required in 
writing by Architect, Owner or any governmental authority, be uncovered for their 
observation and be replaced at Contractor’s expense without change in the Contract 
Time. 
ii. lf a portion of the Work has been covered which Architect, Owner or any governmental 
authority has not specifically requested to observe prior to its being covered, Architect or 
Owner may request to see such Work and it shall be uncovered by Contractor.  If such 
Work is in accordance with the Contract Documents, costs of uncovering and 
replacement shall, by appropriate Change Order, be charged to Owner and included in 
the Cost of the Work. If such Work is not in accordance with the Contract Documents, 
Contractor shall pay such costs unless the condition was caused by Owner or a separate 
contractor in which event Owner shall be responsible for payment of such costs. 
k. Correction of Work: 
i. Contractor shall promptly correct Work rejected by Architect or Owner, or failing to 
conform to the requirements of the Contract Documents, whether observed before or 
after Substantial Completion and whether or not fabricated, installed or completed.  
Contractor shall bear costs of correcting such rejected Work, including additional testing 
and inspections and compensation for Architect’s services and expenses made 
necessary thereby. 
ii. If, within one (1) year after the date of substantial completion of the Work or designated 
portion thereof, or after the date for commencement of warranties or by terms of an 
applicable special warranty required by the Contract Documents, any of the Work is 
Englewood Cliff Surger

===== PAGE 22 =====
EXHIBIT A      6    Dated 2-25-14 
 
found to be not in accordance with the requirements of the Contract Documents, 
Contractor shall correct it promptly, at Contractor’s sole cost and expense, after receipt of 
written notice from Owner to do so.  This obligation under this Subsection shall survive 
acceptance of the Work under, and the termination of, this Agreement.  Owner shall give 
such notice promptly after discovery of the condition.  This condition cannot be waived at 
final completion.  Any portion of the Work so corrected shall be similarly warranted 
against further defects or failure to conform to the Contract Documents for a period of 
one (1) year from the date of correction. Contractor shall use its best efforts to obtain 
similar extended guarantees for equipment not covered by maintenance or service 
contracts. 
iii. Contractor shall remove from the Site portions  of the Work, which are not in accordance 
with the requirements of the Contract Documents and are neither corrected by Contractor 
nor accepted by Owner. 
iv. If Contractor fails to correct non-conforming w ork within a reasonable time, Owner may 
correct it in accordance with this Agreement.  If Contractor does not correct such non-
conforming Work within a reasonable time fixed by a written notice, Owner may remove it 
and store the salvable materials or equipment at Contractor’s expense.  If Contractor 
does not pay costs of such removal and storage with ten (10) days after written notice, 
Owner may upon ten (10) additional days’ written notice sell such materials and 
equipment at auction or at private sale and shall account for the proceeds thereof, after 
deducting costs and damages that should have been b orne by Contractor, including 
compensation for Architect’s services and expenses made necessary thereby and 
attorneys’ fees and expenses.  If such proceeds of sale do not cover costs, which 
Contractor should have borne, the Contract Sum shall be reduced by the deficiency.  If 
payments then or thereafter due Contractor are not sufficient to cover such amount, 
Contractor shall pay the difference to Owner. 
v. Contractor shall bear the cost of correcting des troyed or damaged construction, whether 
completed or partially completed, of Owner or separate contractors caused by 
Contractor’s correction or removal of Work which is not in accordance with the 
requirements of the Contract Documents. 
vi. Nothing contained in the Subsection 1.k of this  Exhibit shall be construed to establish a 
period of limitation with respect to other obligations, which Contractor might have under 
the Contract Documents. 
l. Acceptance of Non-conforming Work: 
i. If Owner prefers to accept Work, which is not in  accordance with the requirements of the 
Contract Documents, Owner may do so instead of requ iring its removal and correction, in 
which case the Contract Sum will be reduced as appropriate and equitable.  Such 
adjustment shall be effected whether or not final payment has been made. 
m. Subcontractual Relations:  The Contractor shall require each Subcontractor, 
 to the extent of the 
Work to be performed by the Subcontractor,  to be bound to the Contractor by the terms of the 
Contract Documents, and to assume toward the Contra ctor all the obligations and responsibilities 
which the Contractor, by these Documents, assumes t oward the Owner, Owner’s Representative 
and the Architect.  Said agreement shall preserve and protect the rights of the Owner, Owner’s 
Representative and the Architect under the Contract Documents with respect to the Work to be 
performed by the Subcontractor so that the subcontracting thereof will not prejudice such rights, 
and shall allow to the Subcontractor, unless specifically provided otherwise in the Contractor-
Subcontractor agreement, the benefit of all rights, remedies and redress against the Contractor 
that the Contractor, by these Documents, has against the Owner.  Where appropriate, the 
Contractor shall require each Subcontractor to enter into similar agreements with his Sub-

===== PAGE 23 =====
EXHIBIT A      7    Dated 2-25-14 
 
subcontractors.  The Contractor shall make available to each proposed Subcontractor, prior to the 
execution of the Subcontract, copies of the Contract Documents to which the Subcontractor will 
be bound by this -paragraph, and identify to the Subcontractor any terms and conditions of the 
proposed Subcontract which may be at variance with the Contract Documents.  Each 
Subcontractor shall similarly make copies of such Documents available to his Sub-
subcontractors. 
n. Change Orders: 
i. For additional work to be performed by the Contr actor’s Subcontractors, 
 a lump sum 
itemized to show the net amount of each Subcontract or’s direct costs for labor, materials, 
equipment rental,  and transportation plus  a maximum of fifteen percent (15%) , or as 
otherwise approved, as Subcontractor Fee to cover all other charges, for or in connection 
with such work, of the Subcontractors, subject to audit, including but not limited to 
supervision (field and home office), small tools and related items, general expenses, 
overhead and profit and bond and other related items.  Direct cost for labor shall be the 
total cost to the Subcontractors, and the cost for material shall include taxes, if any. 
ii. For additional work to be performed by the Cont ractor’s own forces, a lump sum proposal 
itemized to show the net amount of the Contractor’s direct costs for labor, materials, 
equipment rental and transportation.  No additional fee is allowed for the Contractor 
beyond the fee percentage established in the Agreem ent. 
iii. For deleted work to be performed by the Contra ctor’s Subcontractors,  the Owner shall 
receive a lump sum credit equal to the net credit to the Contractor as itemized by his 
Subcontractors for labor, materials, equipment, transportation and taxes, plus the 
percentage fee thereof as defined in the agreement covering such items as normal 
charges for layout, supervision (field and home office), general expenses, overhead and 
profit of the Contractor and his Subcontractors and overhead and profit of its 
Subcontractors. 
iv. For deleted work to be performed by the Contrac tor’s own forces, the Owner shall receive 
a lump-sum credit equal to the net estimated savings to the Contractor based upon 
Contractor’s original estimate on account of the deleted work for labor, material, 
equipment, transportation and taxes. 
v. When a schedule of unit prices for additions or deletions to the Work is made a part of 
the Construction Agreement or Subcontractor’s Contr act with the Contractor, and if the 
Owner issues a Change Order Request for any additio n or deletion as to which unit 
prices are applicable, the Contract Sum shall be adjusted by the amount of the unit prices 
to the extent they are applicable in lieu of the negotiated lump sum herein above 
mentioned, and the percentage fee markup shall not be applied thereto. 
vi. If the proposal for a Change Order Request as s ubmitted by the Contractor is acceptable 
to the Owner, a Change Order will be issued through the Owner’s Representative for the 
amount to be added to or deducted from the Contract  Sum. 
vii. The Owner may change portions of the Work, add  to the Work or delete portions of the 
Work, which will then be performed by other contractors or subcontractors.  The Contract 
Amount shall be adjusted accordingly for such changed, added, or deleted work.  If the 
Owner exercises such right, those portions of the Work shall be performed pursuant to a 
contract between the Owner and the appropriate part ies, or by the Owner’s Tenant and 
other parties, and the Contractor shall not have any further liability with respect to such 
portions of the work performed by such other parties, provided, however, in each 
instance the Contractor shall permit at no additional cost to Owner or such other parties 
to use the Contractor’s temporary or permanent facilities, hoisting equipment and all 

===== PAGE 24 =====
EXHIBIT A      8    Dated 2-25-14 
 
other facilities of the Contractor to the same extent as if such other parties were 
performing under a subcontract to Contractor, provided that Contractor may charge 
Owner’s or tenant’s contractor or subcontractors any labor cost actually incurred by 
Contractor by virtue of their respective use of such hoisting equipment which costs are 
not reimbursed to Contractor as part of the General Conditions or otherwise hereunder.  
Prior to use of hoisting equipment by Owner’s or tenant’s contractors or subcontractors 
Owner shall cause to be furnished to Contractor satisfactory evidence of insurance as 
well as indemnity in favor of Contractor.  The Contractor shall cooperate with such other 
parties to ensure that the Tenants will occupy the Lease Areas at the lowest possible cost 
to the Tenant and Owner.  The Owner agrees that such portions of the Work shall be 
performed in accordance with the Schedule. 
viii. Contractor shall obtain during subcontractor bidding process “time and material” hourly 
rate and material markups, per Exhibit S.  The breakdown of the hourly rates should 
include but is not limited to: base compensation, benefits, payroll taxes, workman’s 
compensation insurance, general liability insurance, and overhead and profit. 
 
2. MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS: 
a. Test and Inspections: 
i. Tests, inspections and approvals of portions of the Work required by the Contract 
Documents or by laws, ordinances, rules, regulations or orders of public authorities 
having jurisdiction shall be made at an appropriate time.  Unless otherwise provided, 
Owner shall make arrangements for such tests, inspections and approvals with an 
independent testing Laboratory or entity acceptable to Owner, or with the appropriate 
public authority, and shall bear all related costs of tests, inspections and approvals.  
Contractor shall give Architect, Inspection Agency and Owner timely notice of when and 
where test and inspections are to be made so Architect, Inspection Agency and Owner 
may observe such procedures. 
ii. If Architect, Owner or public authorities havin g jurisdiction determine that portions of the 
Work require additional testing, inspection or approval not included under Paragraph 2.a 
of this Exhibit, Owner may make arrangements for such additional testing, inspection or 
approval by an entity acceptable to Owner.  Owner shall bear such costs.  When Work 
has been installed contrary to any requirement of the Contract Documents and 
Contractor requests the privilege of testing in lieu of removal, such testing shall be at 
Contractor’s expense. 
iii. If such procedures for testing, inspection or approval under Paragraph 2.a of this Exhibit 
reveal failure of the portions of the Work to comply with requirements established by the 
Contract Documents, Contractor shall bear all costs made necessary by such failure 
including those of repeated procedures and compensa tion for Architect’s services and 
expenses. 
iv. Required certificates of testing, inspection or  approval shall, unless otherwise required by 
the Contract Documents, be secured by Contractor an d promptly delivered to Architect. 
v. If Architect is to observe tests, inspections or  approvals required by the Contract 
Documents, Architect will do so promptly and, where practicable, at the normal place of 
testing. 
vi. Tests or inspections conducted pursuant to the Contract Documents shall be made 
promptly to avoid unreasonable delay in the Work. 

===== PAGE 25 =====
EXHIBIT A      9    Dated 2-25-14 
 
b. Contractor shall use and subscribe to an interne t based project management program to 
electronically track critical Project correspondence, submittals, RFI’s, meeting minutes and 
drawings.  Contractor shall provide training to the Owner’s entire Project Team and provide10   
license agreements for the Owner and the Owner’s Pr oject Team. 
 

===== PAGE 26 =====
EXHIBIT B      1    Dated 2-25-14 
 
EXHIBIT B 
Contractor’s Scope of Work 
 
 
1. SCOPE OF PRECONSTRUCTION SERVICES (Whenever the term “Owner” is used, this shall 
also include the Project Manager): 
 
a. Estimating and GMP Proposals: 
i. Estimates shall be submitted at completion of Sc hematic Design, Design 
Development and Construction Documents in accordanc e with the chart below: 
 
Estimate Type  Estimate Duration  
Design Development Estimate 15 calendar days 
Construction Document Estimate 15 calendar days 
 
ii.   The Contractor should be prepared to submit a  Guaranteed Maximum Price 
(GMP) at the completion of the Design Development E stimate or Construction 
Document Estimate process if requested by the Owner .   
iii. Contractor will provide ongoing formal value e ngineering and constructability 
analysis as required so that the Project may incorp orate economies during the  
design, bid, or award phase and as may be required during the construction 
phase. 
iv. All pre-GMP estimates shall include detailed Va riance Reports, enabling the 
Owner or Architect and Engineer(s) to evaluate and verify that the design and 
estimating processes are meeting the Project budget requirements. 
v. The Contractor shall provide individual "system"  estimates as required to allow 
the Owner or Architect and Engineer(s) to evaluate and verify that the design and 
estimating processes are meeting the Project budget requirements. 
vi. All estimates and GMP proposals shall be segreg ated by Project Elements or 
any other reasonable component of the Project.     
 
b. Scheduling: 
i. Current updated schedules will be required at le ast once per month and/or with 
each estimate requested above. 
ii. Contractor will prepare and update as required a detailed Project Schedule 
utilizing the Critical Path Method that coordinates and integrates Owner's, A/E's, 
Contractor's, subcontractor's and all other related Project Work. Contractor to 
itemize design durations, purchasing durations, shop drawing requirements, 
fabrication, construction activities (all by trades); and identify long lead items to 
expedite the purchasing, fabrication and delivery of these items to the job site. 
iii. Contractor will analyze market conditions with  a view toward material availability 
and cost strategy, construction techniques, manpower levels and productivity, 
labor market, impact of seasonal conditions, union agreement expirations and 
any other factors, which may influence scheduling. 
iv. All schedules shall be segregated by Project El ements or any other reasonable 
component of the Project.   
 
c. Design participation and reviews: 
i. Participation at bi-weekly Project design meetin gs will be required.  In addition, 
other meetings as required for Budget analysis and value engineering will be 
required. 
 
d. Apply for, obtain and pay for all Construction P ermits: 
i. Unless directed otherwise by the Owner, the Cont ractor will be responsible for 
obtaining and paying for all building permit(s).  Depending on project phasing, 
some projects may require the Contractor to obtain and pay for multiple building 

===== PAGE 27 =====
EXHIBIT B      2    Dated 2-25-14 
 
permits. 
 
e. Purchasing for early “packages”, including sitew ork, foundations, steel, concrete, precast, 
natural stone, curtainwall, elevators and mechanica l/electrical equipment, if directed by 
the Owner. 
 
f. Contractor shall perform a complete visual and v ideo survey of all adjacent structures to 
the project site.  Contractor shall deliver a written report documenting all findings; report 
at a minimum shall include a written report, pictures, the video and other information as 
deemed appropriate. 
 
2. SCOPE OF CONSTRUCTION SERVICES: 
 
a. Estimating: 
i. Estimating as necessary to produce Project Cost and Budget Reports will be 
required.  Estimates and Reports shall be segregated by Project Elements or any 
other reasonable component of the Project. 
ii. Estimating for Change Orders will be required. 
 
b. Scheduling: 
i. Contractor will issue a Construction Schedule co nsistent with scheduling 
requirements of all Project Elements, including, as stated above, all team 
members activities.  This schedule will be required to incorporate activity 
sequence and durations as agreed upon with subcontr actors and vendors at 
award of contracts. Contractor will then monitor, adjust and modify schedule as 
required.  Contractor will be required to provide all services, take action and bear 
all costs required to assure completion dates as agreed with Owner. 
 
ii. The schedules prepared by the Contractor as not ed in this Exhibit and Article 4 of 
the Agreement shall be in the form of a CPM arrow network diagram, organized 
by numerically identified activities, and shall include: (1) subcontractor 
procurement process; (2) a shop drawing and submittal schedule noting the 
relevant submittal, approval, order, fabrication and delivery durations; (3) 
integration of the shop drawing and submittal schedule with the installation 
activity logic in order to determine the effect of delivery on installation of any 
items of work; (4) the planned progressions of construction work showing the 
activities and duration of the work of each contract phase and clearly noting any 
interim milestone dates; (5) the appropriate restraints in order to clearly identify 
the interrelationships of work and crew and trade flow; (6) logic (CPM arrow 
network) diagrams summarized into a summary bar cha rt format that is capable 
of displaying current progress of all Work; and (7) a computerized mathematical 
analysis of the CPM logic with each monthly schedul e update that shows, at a 
minimum, the activity number, the activity description, trade responsibility, activity 
duration, early (target) start date, early (target) finish date, late start date, late 
finish date, work tasks critical to completion within the Contract Time and any 
interim milestone dates and total float within each phase of construction, 
including any interim milestone dates.  Such schedules shall be produced using 
the latest release of the Primavera Project Planner project management program 
by Primavera Systems, Inc., or Microsoft Project Planner, or other scheduling 
software approved by the Owner, current as of the date of the submission of the 
Guaranteed Maximum Price. The Contractor shall deli ver to the Owner, upon 
Owner’s request and in the format requested by the Owner, copies of all 
electronic files that comprise such schedules, including the original project 
schedule, all schedule updates, any recovery schedules and any schedule 
revisions. 
 

===== PAGE 28 =====
EXHIBIT B      3    Dated 2-25-14 
 
iii. The construction schedule included in the appr oved GMP contract amendment 
shall be saved as the “Baseline Schedule” and used for comparison and tracking 
with all future schedule updates.  The Baseline Schedule shall not be modified 
during construction without the approval of the Owner.  At a minimum, the 
construction schedule shall be updated monthly and presented to the Owner with 
each application for payment. 
 
iv. The shop drawing and submittal section of the s chedule shall include reasonable 
time for the design team to review, process and return the shop drawings and 
submittals to the contractor.  For some major submissions, the schedule should 
include time for revisions and resubmission of shop  drawings and/or submittals.  
The submittal schedule needs to be coordinated with the design team and 
approved by the Owner prior to the start of the submittal process.  In addition to 
being incorporated into the master project schedule, the shop drawing and 
submittal schedule can also be prepared in a chart form or as part of a project 
management software system. 
 
c. Subcontract Bidding and Award: 
i. Contractor will assemble, compose and issue appr opriate subcontractor/vendor 
bid packages and specifications from the construction documents for the proper 
completion of the Project. 
ii. Owner expects that significant effort will be r equired to obtain quality unit prices 
during the bid/award period.  Owner reserves the right to advise and negotiate 
with regard to these unit prices. 
iii. Work will include costs related to potentially  proprietary systems installed by 
vendors or subcontractor's whose systems have significant long-term impact on 
Owner (e.g. HVAC Controls, Fire Alarm, etc.).  Considerable care will be required 
to identify and evaluate these systems independently of the Mechanical and 
Electrical subcontractors. 
iv. The Owner reserves the right to review and comm ent on any and all bid 
packages prior to being issued to the subcontractors. 
v. Contractor will make recommendations for prequal ification criteria for subcontract 
bidders.  Owner will approve all bidders in writing prior to issuance of a bid 
package. 
vi. Contractor shall obtain from all bidding subcon tractors detailed bid breakdowns, 
with subcontractor schedules and manpower loading. 
vii. The Contractor shall obtain bids from each qua lified subcontractor bidding.  All 
sealed bids will be opened in the presence of the Owner and the Project 
Manager.  The Contractor and Owner will each take o ne copy of the 
subcontractor bid.  A minimum of three (3) qualified bidders shall be selected to 
receive each bid package. 
viii. For major subcontracts, the Contractor and Ow ner shall evaluate the submitted 
bids with Owner.  The Owner will have the right to participate in the subcontractor 
bid review and subcontract negotiation and award meetings. 
ix. The Contractor shall execute the subcontract fo r the work awarded at the 
subcontractor “closing meeting”.  The purpose of ex ecuting the subcontract at the 
award meeting is to eliminate risk to the Owner by allowing the subcontractor to 
start work on the project without a signed agreement.  The Owner shall receive a 
copy of the executed subcontract agreement prior to leaving the “closing 
meeting”.  All subcontract awards shall be formally submitted for approval by the 
Contractor to the Owner in writing. 
x. All bid packages will be reviewed by Owner regar ding extent of scope and 
subcontractor involvement.  At a minimum, the following shall be discrete bid 
packages and not combined with other bid packages w ithout approval by the 
Owner:   
1. Sitework 

===== PAGE 29 =====
EXHIBIT B      4    Dated 2-25-14 
 
2. Landscaping 
3. Cast-in-Place Concrete 
4. Precast Concrete 
5. Structural Steel 
6. Masonry 
7. Flooring 
8. Drywall 
9. Millwork 
10. Painting 
11. Glass & Glazing 
12. Elevators 
13. Miscellaneous Metals 
14. Mechanical - HVAC 
15. Plumbing 
16. Fire protection 
17. BMS/ATC, security system and fire alarm system 
18. Testing and balancing 
19. Electric 
20. Telecommunication/data wiring and equipment 
21. Long lead equipment (if necessary) 
xi. All mechanical/electrical subcontractor shop dr awings and mechanical/electrical 
coordination drawings shall be done on AutoCAD or R evit.  All AutoCAD or Revit 
shop drawings and coordination drawings shall be turned over to the Owner. 
xii. Allowances within subcontracts will not be per mitted without prior consent of 
Owner. 
xiii. It is assumed that all work will be performed  by non-union 
 trades unless 
otherwise agreed to by Owner. 
xiv. Contractor shall obtain subcontractor “Time & Material” wage rate sheets. 
xv. All bids/awards shall be segregated by Project Elements or any other reasonable 
component of the Project.   
 
d. Execution of the Work: 
i. Contractor will be responsible to construct the Project under a GMP Agreement 
with the Owner.  Contractor will hire all subcontractors or self-perform all Work 
necessary for the Project. 
ii. Contractor shall provide and maintain all tempo rary field facilities as required 
throughout the Project.  Use of existing on-site buildings will not be permitted 
without prior consent of the Owner. 
iii. Contractor shall maintain Safety Program, whic h is acceptable to Owner.  In 
general, all Work shall comply with the latest OSHA standards, all jurisdictions 
with authority and shall be executed to the satisfaction of Owner. 
iv. Contractor will provide an Emergency Response T eam, as necessary for the 
Project in accordance with Contractor’s safety program. 
 
e. Administering the Contract and Change Orders: 
i. Contractor will be responsible for cost monitori ng throughout the duration of the 
Project.  This includes monitoring of the approved estimate of construction cost, 
showing actual cost for activities in progress and estimates of uncompleted 
tasks.  Cost reports shall be issued monthly after start of construction as part of 
the monthly report.  Cost report formatting will be subject to Project requirements 
and will be subject to approval by Owner. 
ii. Contractor will conduct periodic Owner/Architec t/Contractor coordination 
meetings to discuss procedures, progress, scheduling, contract budget status 
and other relevant issues.  The frequency of these meetings will be at a minimum 
bi-weekly or more frequently as necessary to maintain adequate communications 
between all project team members. 

===== PAGE 30 =====
EXHIBIT B      5    Dated 2-25-14 
 
iii. It is expected that the GMP will contain Allow ance items.  Contract terms will not 
be modified if Allowance Scope is not modified. 
iv. Changes to the Project are common on most const ruction projects.  If the GMP is 
increased or decreased as a result thereof, the General Conditions, Insurance, 
Bond and Fee will be adjusted within the parameters established by the 
Owner/Contractor Agreement.  Subcontractor's markup , as defined in the 
General Conditions Exhibit A to the Owner/Contractor Agreement. 
v. Subcontract Change Orders shall be submitted to the Owner for review and 
written approval prior to Contractor issuing to Subcontractor. 
vi. All Subcontract Change Orders submitted to Owne r shall have an estimate 
prepared by the Contractor to verify Subcontractor's request. 
vii. All Subcontract Change Orders must be counters igned by subcontractor prior to 
request for payment for change order work. 
viii. All contracts and change orders and GMP propo sals shall be segregated by 
Project Elements or any other reasonable component of the Project.     
 
f. Project Reports:  
i. The Contractor shall provide the Owner with a Mo nthly Project Report which shall 
include the following: 
1. Latest monthly estimate summary or a Project Bud get/Cost Report.  The 
Budget/Cost Report shall indicate all costs incurred and “committed” to 
date and the estimated remaining “uncommitted” costs required to 
complete the project.  The actual and estimated costs shall be compared 
to the GMP breakdown (summary level and all detaile d backup). 
2. Overall project schedule status, Baseline Schedu le versus actual 
progress to date, including without limitation, an updated version of the 
Construction Schedule. 
3. “60” day short term “look ahead” schedule indica ting the Contractor’s 
activities for the next 60 days. 
4. Schedule narrative: A written status of the proj ect schedule and status. 
5. All direct work subcontractor’s contracts and ch ange order status. 
6. A “critical” issue narrative.  The Contractor sh all provide a written 
narrative on any major issues that are, or potentially could, affect the 
project schedule or budget. 
7. Project cash flow projections. 
8. Progress photos. 
ii. All Budgets/Cost Reports and GMP proposals shal l be segregated by Project 
Elements or any other reasonable component of the P roject.   
iii. The Contractor shall submit the monthly Projec t Report with the Contractor’s 
monthly Application for Payment.  The Contractor’s monthly Application for 
Payment will not be reviewed and approved until the  monthly Project Report is 
submitted to the Owner and Project Manager. 
iv. Contractor shall provide an electronic copy and  two (2) copies to Owner and 
Project Manager. 
 
g. Applications for Payment: 
i. Payment for stored materials will be subject to Owner's approval and in 
accordance with procedures as required by the Owner .  It is anticipated that 
equipment and certain major elements of the work wi ll be paid if properly stored, 
if vendor's invoice is received and an insurance certificate for the value of the 
stored material has been provided, and title to the material has passed to the 
Owner.  Payment will not be made for common materia ls brought to site in bulk 
(e.g. drywall, conduit, pipe, etc.). 
ii. Prepayment accounts for General Conditions are not allowed.  No estimated 
General Conditions will be billed for the month, only actual, incurred costs.  
Contractor to provide actual invoices, bills and receipts to support the General 

===== PAGE 31 =====
EXHIBIT B      6    Dated 2-25-14 
 
Conditions payment request. 
iii. All Applications for Payment shall include cer tified Subcontractor Payment 
Requests and signed waivers of liens for the work performed under the billing 
period in accordance with the law in the state where the Work is being 
performed. 
iv. All Applications for Payment shall be segregate d by Project Elements or any 
other reasonable component of the Project, as requested by the Owner.   
 
h. Field Work Authorizations: 
i. The Contractor shall establish a cost control sy stem (Field Work Authorization) 
that notifies the Owner of cost events for order of magnitude costs and potential 
schedule impacts; see Exhibit G.  The purpose of this document is to provide the 
Owner with an early notification system of potential changes to the Work.  The 
Contractor shall not proceed with any extra work within the GMP or beyond the 
GMP, without written authorization. 
 
3. SCOPE OF POST-CONSTRUCTION SERVICES:  The post-c onstruction services are solely 
related to the initial occupancy of the facility by Owner.  These include: 
 
a. Operational and Maintenance Programs: 
i. Contractor shall compile and deliver to Owner th e required submittals, including 
but not limited to the following:  Record drawings, guarantees and warranties, 
general releases and waivers of lien. 
 
b. Start-up Assistance: 
i. Contractor will coordinate all systems testing, commissioning and turnover. 
 
c. Contractor will turn over systems to Owner in su ch a manner or grouping that Owner may 
operate the system or part of a system automatically and with full certification of 
authorities with jurisdiction. 
 
d. Warranties:  Compile and submit all Subcontracto r warranties to Owner. 
 
e. Subcontractor Closeout.  Contractor shall issue a final request for subcontractor payment 
to the Owner for written review and approval.  The final payment request shall include: 
i. A subcontractor’s final contract value summary i ncluding all change orders. 
ii. Warranty letter. 
iii. Final release of Liens (general release). 
iv. Consent of Surety (if applicable). 
v. Statement that all “punchlist” work is complete.  
vi. Copy of all close-out documents in digital form . 
 
f. Certificate of Substantial Completion and Certif icate of Final Completion procedures: 
i. When the Contractor is Substantially Complete, C ontractor shall issue a letter to 
the Architect requesting a punchlist and issuance o f an AIA Certificate of 
Substantial Completion (CSC).  Contractor shall attach their own 
punchlist/incomplete items list to the request of the Architect. 
ii. The Architect shall then perform a “punchlist” review, and issue the Certificate of 
Substantial Completion to the Contractor with the punchlist attached. 
iii. The Contractor shall review and sign the Certi ficate of Substantial Completion 
and forward to the Owner. 
iv. The Contractor shall complete all CSC punchlist  within 30 days. 
v. Upon completion of the punchlist, the Contractor  shall issue three copies of 
Certificate of Final Completion (CFC) (per Exhibit J) to the Architect for review 
and signature. 
vi. The Architect shall review the CFC and if they agree all punchlist items 

===== PAGE 32 =====
EXHIBIT B      7    Dated 2-25-14 
 
established per the CSC are complete, shall sign an d forward the CFC to the 
Owner for review and signature. 
vii. The Owner, if they agree all CSC punchlist ite ms are complete, will sign all three 
copies and return one original to the Architect and Contractor. 
 
4. Work by the Owner: 
 
a. Testing and inspection services. 
b. Builder’s Risk Insurance (unless the Contractor’ s Add Alternate is acceptable). 
c. Permanent site survey and geodesic benchmark. 
 
 

===== PAGE 33 =====
 
EXHIBIT F      1    Dated 9-7-2012 
EXHIBIT F 
Request for Substitution 
 
 
Contract Award Date: ___________________________ 
 
Contractor:  ___________________________ 
 
Project:   ___________________________ 
 
 
We hereby submit for your consideration the following product instead of the specified item for the above 
project: 
 Referenced On 
Specified Item Drawing Spec. Section Paragraph 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
    
 
Proposed Substitution: 
 
Attach complete information on changes to Drawings and/or Specifications, which proposed substitution 
will require for its proper installation. 
 
Submit with request, all samples and sustaining data to prove equal quality and performance to that 
which is specified.  Clearly mark manufacturer’s literature to indicate equality in performance. 
 
Fill in the blanks: 
 
1. Does the substitution affect dimensions shown on  the Drawings? 
 
 (__) Yes (__) No 
 
If Yes, clearly indicate changes: 
 
___________________________________________________ ______________________ 
 
___________________________________________________ ______________________ 
 
2. Will the undersigned pay for changes to the buil ding design, including engineering and detailing 
costs caused by the requested substitution? 
 
 (__) Yes (__) No 
 
If No, fully explain: 
 
___________________________________________________ ______________________ 
 
___________________________________________________ ______________________ 

===== PAGE 34 =====
 
EXHIBIT F      2    Dated 9-7-2012 
 
3. What affect does the substitution have on the Co ntracts of other trades: 
 
___________________________________________________ ______________________ 
 
___________________________________________________ ______________________ 
 
4. What affect does the substitution have on the co nstruction schedule? 
 
___________________________________________________ ______________________ 
 
___________________________________________________ ______________________ 
 
5. Manufacturer’s warranties of the proposed and sp ecified items are: 
 
 (__) Same (__) Different (explain on an attachment ) 
 
6. Reason for the Request for Substitution: 
 
___________________________________________________ ______________________ 
 
___________________________________________________ ______________________ 
 
7. Itemized comparison of specified item(s) with th e proposed substitution: 
 
___________________________________________________ ______________________ 
 
___________________________________________________ ______________________ 
 
8. Accurate cost data comparing proposed substituti on with product specified: 
 
___________________________________________________ ______________________ 
 
___________________________________________________ ______________________ 
 
9. Designation of maintenance services and sources:  
 
___________________________________________________ ______________________ 
 
___________________________________________________ ______________________ 
 

===== PAGE 35 =====
 
EXHIBIT F      3    Dated 9-7-2012 
Certification of equal performance and assumption o f liability for equal performance  
 
The undersigned states that the function, appearance and quality are equivalent or superior to the 
specified item. 
 
Submitted by: 
 
_______________________________________________ 
Signature     Title 
 
Firm:  __________________________________ 
 
Address: __________________________________ 
 
__________________________________ 
 
Telephone:   __________________________________ 
 
Signature shall be by person having authority to legally bind their firm to the above terms.  Failure to 
provide legally binding signature will result in retraction of approval. 
 
 
For Use by Architect/Engineer  
 
 
(__) Accepted 
 
(__) Accepted as Noted 
 
(__) Not Accepted 
 
(__) Received too late 
 
By: ________________________________________ 
 
Date: ________________________________________ 
 
 
Remarks: 
 
___________________________________________________ ______________________ 
 
___________________________________________________ ______________________ 
 
___________________________________________________ ______________________ 
 
___________________________________________________ ______________________ 
 
 

===== PAGE 36 =====
 
EXHIBIT G      1    Dated 9-7-2012 
 
EXHIBIT G 
Field Work Authorization Form 
 
 
Date: _______________________ 
 
Job Number: __________________ 
    
____________________ 
____________________ 
____________________ 
 
Field Work Authorization #__________ 
 
Attention: _____________ 
 
RE: - Additional Contractor/Subcontractor Work Auth orization 
 
Dear ________, 
 
We have been authorized by Owner to proceed with th e following scope of work: 
 
 
 
 
Estimate for Work: 
 
______________ is authorized to proceed with and co mplete the installation work as indicated. 
 
Reviewed: 
 
 
_________________________________ Contractor Cost C ontrol # ________________________ 
_________________________ Date 
 
 
_________________________________ 
Aegis Property Group  Date 
 
Thank you for your assistance in this matter.  Should you have any questions or comments related to th e 
above, please feel free to contact this office. 
 
Very truly yours,  
 
 
 
___________________ 
 
cc: APG Acct. File 
 APG PM File  
 
 

===== PAGE 37 =====
  
 
EXHIBIT H-1      1    Dated 9-7-2012 
 
EXHIBIT H-1
 
Contractor’s Progress Payment 
 Certification and Waiver of Claims and Liens  
 
 
Contractor:           
 
Project:           
 
            
 
Owner:  ___________________________________________ ___ 
 
Application for 
Payment For Period Ending:       
 
Amount Approved for Payment: $ ____________________ __  
 
The Contractor certifies that, upon receipt of the foregoing amount, certified by the Architect as 
due in connection with the application for a progre ss payment submitted with this Certification and Wa iver 
of Claims and Liens, the Contractor: (a) has receiv ed payment in full for or on account of all amounts  due 
under the contract or agreement for construction of  all or part of the Project referenced above (as mo re 
fully described in the contract) through the end of  the period covered by the application for payment,  
including any amounts due for extra or additional w ork, change orders, damages, delays, claims of any 
kind, or any other increase to the contract sum; an d (b) waives, releases and forever discharges the 
Owner from any and all obligations and liabilities arising under or on account of the contract or agre ement 
and the Project, or either of them, through the end  of the period covered by the application for payme nt, 
including any obligations or liabilities for extra or additional work, change orders, damages, delays,  
interest, penalties for late payment, attorneys’ fe es, claims of any kind, or any other increase to th e 
contract sum, and hereby expressly waives and relin quishes the right to have, file or maintain any 
mechanic's liens or claims against the Project, the  building(s), the improvement, the land covered the reby 
and the lot or curtilage appurtenant thereto (the “ Premises”), with the exception of additions, deleti ons or 
changes in the work directed by the Owner in accord ance with the Contract Documents and/or the 
following specifically described claims for which w ritten notice has been given to the Owner on the da te 
indicated: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Contractor certifies that all charges for labor , materials, services and every other nature in 
connection with the Contract for Construction for W ork performed through the period covered by previou s 
applications for payment have been paid in full, an d that there remains no amount due, or claimed to b e 
due, to any subcontractor, vendor, or individual fu rnishing labor or material in connection with such Work, 
with the exception of the following: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

===== PAGE 38 =====
  
 
EXHIBIT H-1      2    Dated 9-7-2012 
 
 
 
The Contractor hereby further declares and agrees t hat in the event that any lien or other claim 
should be brought against Owner, or the Project or Premises, the Contractor will protect the Owner and  
defend any suit or action brought against the Owner  by reason of any lien or other form of claim or ac tion 
arising out of the contract or agreement and hold the Owner harmless and indemnified therefrom. 
 
Signed and sealed by the Contractor this    day of     , 20___. 
 
 
        
CONTRACTOR 
 
By:          
 
Title:          
 
CORPORATE SEAL 
 
 
 
 
ACKNOWLEDGMENT AND AFFIDAVIT 
 
 
STATE OF    : 
: ss. 
COUNTY OF    : 
 
Be it remembered, that on this     day of      , 20 ___, before 
me appeared       , who, being duly sworn according  to law, did 
depose and say that he/she is the       of the cont ractor described in 
and which executed the foregoing Certification and Waiver of Claims and Liens; he/she signed, sealed 
and delivered same as the voluntary act and deed of  contractor for the uses and purposes therein 
expressed; and that the facts set forth therein are  true and correct to the best of his/her knowledge,  
information and belief. 
 
Sworn to and Subscribed 
before me this    day 
of    , 20__. 
 
 
      
Notary Public 
 
My Commission expires:        
 

===== PAGE 39 =====
  
 
EXHIBIT H-2      1    Dated 9-7-2012 
 
Exhibit H-2 
Contractor’s Final Payment 
Certification and Waiver of Claims and Liens 
 
 
Contractor:          
 
Project:          
 
           
 
Owner:  ________________________________________________ 
 
Amount Approved for Payment: $ ____________________ __  
 
Submitted With the Contractor’s 
Application for Final Payment  
 
The Contractor certifies that, upon receipt of the foregoing amount, certified by the Architect as 
due in connection with the application for final pa yment submitted with this Certification and Waiver of 
Claims and Liens, the Contractor: (a) has received payment in full for or on account of all amounts du e 
under the contract or agreement for construction of  all or part of the Project referenced above (as mo re 
fully described in the contract), including any amo unts due for extra or additional work, change order s, 
damages, delays, claims of any kind, or any other i ncrease to the contract sum; and (b) waives, releas es 
and forever discharges the Owner from any and all o bligations and liabilities arising under or on acco unt 
of the contract or agreement and the Project, or ei ther of them, through the end of the period covered  by 
the application for payment, including any obligati ons or liabilities for extra or additional work, ch ange 
orders, damages, delays, interest, penalties for la te payment, attorneys’ fees, claims of any kind, or  any 
other increase to the contract sum, and hereby expr essly waives and relinquishes the right to have, fi le or 
maintain any mechanic's liens or claims against the  Project, the building(s), the improvement, the lan d 
covered thereby and the lot or curtilage appurtenan t thereto (the “Premises”), with the exception of 
additions, deletions or changes in the work directe d by the Owner in accordance with the Contract 
Documents and/or the following specifically describ ed claims for which written notice has been given t o 
the Owner on the date indicated: 
 
 
 
 
 
The Contractor certifies that all charges for labor , materials, services and every other nature in 
connection with the Contract for Construction for W ork performed through the period covered by previou s 
applications for payment have been paid in full, an d that there remains no amount due, or claimed to b e 
due, to any subcontractor, vendor, or individual fu rnishing labor or material in connection with such Work, 
with the exception of the following: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Contractor hereby further declares and agrees t hat in the event that any lien or other claim 
should be brought against Owner, or the Project or Premises, the Contractor will protect the Owner and  

===== PAGE 40 =====
  
 
EXHIBIT H-2      2    Dated 9-7-2012 
 
defend any suit or action brought against the Owner  by reason of any lien or other form of claim or ac tion 
arising out of the contract or agreement and hold the Owner harmless and indemnified therefrom. 
 
Signed and sealed by the Contractor this    day of     , 20___. 
 
 
        
CONTRACTOR 
 
By:          
 
Title:          
 
CORPORATE SEAL 
 
 
 
 
ACKNOWLEDGMENT AND AFFIDAVIT 
 
 
STATE OF    : 
: ss. 
COUNTY OF    : 
 
Be it remembered, that on this     day of      , 20 ____, 
before me appeared       , who, being duly sworn ac cording to 
law, did depose and say that he/she is the       of  the contractor 
described in and which executed the foregoing Certi fication and Waiver of Claims and Liens; he/she 
signed, sealed and delivered same as the voluntary act and deed of contractor for the uses and purpose s 
therein expressed; and that the facts set forth the rein are true and correct to the best of his/her 
knowledge, information and belief. 
 
Sworn to and Subscribed 
before me this    day 
of    , 20__. 
 
 
      
Notary Public 
 
My Commission expires:        

===== PAGE 41 =====
 
EXHIBIT H-3      1    Dated 9-7-2012 
 
Exhibit H-3 
Subcontractor’s Progress Payment  
Certification and Waiver of Claims and Liens 
 
 
Subcontractor:          
 
Contractor: _______________________________________ _____________ 
 
Project:          
 
           
 
Owner: ____________________________________________ _____ 
 
Application for 
Payment For Period Ending:       
 
Amount Approved for Payment: $ ____________________ __  
 
The Subcontractor certifies that, upon receipt of t he foregoing amount, certified by the Architect 
as due in connection with the application for a pro gress payment submitted with this Certification and  
Waiver of Claims and Liens, the Subcontractor: (a) has received payment in full for or on account of a ll 
amounts due under the subcontract or agreement for construction of certain Work on the Project 
referenced above (as more fully described in the su bcontract) through the end of the period covered by  
the application for payment, including any amounts due for extra or additional work, change orders, 
damages, delays, claims of any kind, or any other i ncrease to the contract sum; and (b) waives, releas es 
and forever discharges the Contractor and the Owner  from any and all obligations and liabilities arisi ng 
under or on account of the subcontract or agreement  and the Project, or either of them, through the en d 
of the period covered by the application for paymen t, including any obligations or liabilities for ext ra or 
additional work, change orders, damages, delays, in terest, penalties for late payment, attorneys’ fees , 
claims of any kind, or any other increase to the su bcontract sum, and hereby expressly waives and 
relinquishes the right to have, file or maintain an y mechanic's liens or claims against the Project, t he 
building(s), the improvement, the land covered ther eby and the lot or curtilage appurtenant thereto (t he 
“Premises”), with the exception of additions, delet ions or changes in the work directed by the Owner i n 
accordance with the Contract Documents and/or the f ollowing specifically described claims for which 
written notice has been given to the Contractor and the Owner on the date indicated: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Subcontractor certifies that all charges for labor, materials, services and every other nature in 
connection with the Subcontract for Work performed through the period covered by previous applications  
for payment have been paid in full, and that there remains no amount due, or claimed to be due, to any  
sub-subcontractor, vendor, or individual furnishing  labor or material in connection with such Work, wi th 
the exception of the following: 
 
 
 
 
 
 

===== PAGE 42 =====
 
EXHIBIT H-3      2    Dated 9-7-2012 
 
 
 
The Subcontractor hereby further declares and agree s that in the event that any lien or other 
claim should be brought against the Contractor and/ or the Owner, or the Project or Premises, the 
Subcontractor will protect the Contractor and/or th e Owner and defend any suit or action brought again st 
the Contractor and/or the Owner by reason of any li en or other form of claim or action arising out of the 
subcontract or agreement and hold the Contractor and/or the Owner harmless and indemnified therefrom. 
 
Signed and sealed by the Subcontractor this    day of     , 20___. 
 
 
        
SUBCONTRACTOR 
 
By:          
 
Title:          
 
CORPORATE SEAL 
 
 
 
 
ACKNOWLEDGMENT AND AFFIDAVIT 
 
 
STATE OF    : 
: ss. 
COUNTY OF    : 
 
Be it remembered, that on this     day of      , 20 ___, before 
me appeared       , who, being duly sworn according  to law, did 
depose and say that he/she is the       of the cont ractor described in 
and which executed the foregoing Certification and Waiver of Claims and Liens; he/she signed, sealed 
and delivered same as the voluntary act and deed of  subcontractor for the uses and purposes therein 
expressed; and that the facts set forth therein are  true and correct to the best of his/her knowledge,  
information and belief. 
 
Sworn to and Subscribed 
before me this    day 
of    , 20__. 
 
 
      
Notary Public 
 
My Commission expires:        

===== PAGE 43 =====
  
 
EXHIBIT H-4      1    Dated 2-13-17 
 
EXHIBIT H-4  
Subcontractor’s Final Payment 
Certification and Waiver of Claims and Liens 
 
 
Subcontractor:          
 
Contractor: _______________________________________ _____________ 
 
Project:          
 
           
 
Owner:  ________________________________________________ 
 
  
Total Contract Amount:   $ ______________________ 
Amount Paid to Date:    $ ______________________ 
Final Payment Amount:   $ ______________________ 
 
Amount Approved for Payment:  $ ___________________ ___  
 
Submitted With the Subcontractor’s 
Application for Final Payment  
 
The Subcontractor certifies that, upon receipt of t he foregoing amount, certified by the Architect 
as due in connection with the application for final  payment submitted with this Certification and Waiv er of 
Claims and Liens, the Subcontractor: (a) has receiv ed payment in full for or on account of all amounts  
due under the subcontract or agreement for construc tion of all or part of the Project referenced above  (as 
more fully described in the subcontract), including  any amounts due for extra or additional work, chan ge 
orders, damages, delays, claims of any kind, or any  other increase to the contract sum; and (b) waives , 
releases and forever discharges the Contractor and the Owner from any and all obligations and liabilit ies 
arising under or on account of the subcontract or a greement and the Project, or either of them, throug h 
the end of the period covered by the application fo r payment, including any obligations or liabilities  for 
extra or additional work, change orders, damages, d elays, interest, penalties for late payment, attorn eys’ 
fees, claims of any kind, or any other increase to the subcontract sum, and hereby expressly waives an d 
relinquishes the right to have, file or maintain an y mechanic's liens or claims against the Project, t he 
building(s), the improvement, the land covered ther eby and the lot or curtilage appurtenant thereto (t he 
“Premises”), with the exception of additions, delet ions or changes in the work directed by the Owner i n 
accordance with the Contract Documents and/or the f ollowing specifically described claims for which 
written notice has been given to the Contractor and the Owner on the date indicated: 
 
The Subcontractor certifies that all charges for labor, materials, services and every other nature in 
connection with the Subcontract for Work performed through the period covered by previous applications  
for payment have been paid in full, and that there remains no amount due, or claimed to be due, to any  
sub-subcontractor, vendor, or individual furnishing  labor or material in connection with such Work, wi th 
the exception of the following: 
 
 

===== PAGE 44 =====
  
 
EXHIBIT H-4      2    Dated 2-13-17 
 
 
 
 
The Subcontractor hereby further declares and agree s that in the event that any lien or other 
claim should be brought against the Contractor and/ or the Owner, or the Project or Premises, the 
Subcontractor will protect the Contractor and/or th e Owner and defend any suit or action brought again st 
the Contractor and/or the Owner by reason of any li en or other form of claim or action arising out of the 
subcontract or agreement and hold the Contractor and/or the Owner harmless and indemnified therefrom. 
 
Signed and sealed by the Subcontractor this    day of     , 20___. 
 
 
        
SUBCONTRACTOR 
 
By:          
 
Title:          
 
CORPORATE SEAL 
 
 
 
 
ACKNOWLEDGMENT AND AFFIDAVIT 
 
 
STATE OF    : 
: ss. 
COUNTY OF    : 
 
Be it remembered, that on this     day of      , 20 ____, 
before me appeared       , who, being duly sworn ac cording to 
law, did depose and say that he/she is the       of  the contractor 
described in and which executed the foregoing Certi fication and Waiver of Claims and Liens; he/she 
signed, sealed and delivered same as the voluntary act and deed of subcontractor for the uses and 
purposes therein expressed; and that the facts set forth therein are true and correct to the best of h is/her 
knowledge, information and belief. 
 
Sworn to and Subscribed 
before me this    day 
of    , 20__. 
 
 
      
Notary Public 
 
My Commission expires:        

===== PAGE 45 =====
 
EXHIBIT I      1     Dated 9-7-2012 
 
EXHIBIT I -1 
Subcontract Performance Bond 
 
 
Project: __________________________________________ _ 
 
Subcontract for:  ____________________ Work 
 
KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that  
 
__________________________________________________,  a ______________ corporation, 
(Name of Subcontractor)        
 
of ________________________________________________ _______________________, as 
    (Address of Subcontractor) 
 
Principal (hereinafter called the "Principal"), and  
 
 
__________________________________________________,  a _______________ corporation,  
(Name of Surety 
 
of ________________________________________________ _______________________, as 
   (Address of Surety)  
 
as Surety (hereinafter called the "Surety"), are held and firmly bound unto 
___________________________________________________ _______  with offices located at 
_________________________________, a ____________ c orporation (hereinafter called the "Obligee"), 
in the sum of _____________________________________ __________ DOLLARS ($___________), for 
the payment of which sum well and truly to be made, the Principal and Surety bind themselves, and their 
respective heirs, administrators, executors, successors and assigns jointly and severally, firmly by these 
presents.  
WHEREAS, the Principal and the Obligee have entered into a written Subcontract for certain 
construction work, as identified above, dated ______________ (hereinafter called the "Subcontract"), in 
connection with the construction of the Project identified herein, all as more fully described and men tioned 
in said Subcontract and the Subcontract and Contract Documents identified therein, which are hereby 
incorporated in and made a part of this Bond with the same force and effect as if fully set forth at length 
herein; and 
WHEREAS, the Subcontract and the other Contract Documents id entified therein require the 
Principal to furnish this Subcontract Performance Bond to the Obligee. 

===== PAGE 46 =====
 
EXHIBIT I      2     Dated 9-7-2012 
 
NOW, THEREFORE, THE CONDITION OF THIS OBLIGATION IS  SUCH,  that if the above 
named Principal shall well and truly perform all of the undertakings, covenants, terms, conditions and  
provisions of said Subcontract within the time provided therein and any extensions thereof that may be 
granted by the Obligee, and during the life of any guarantees contained in or required under said 
Subcontract, and shall also well and truly perform all the undertakings, covenants, terms, conditions and 
agreements of any and all modifications of said Subcontract that may hereafter be made, and shall 
indemnify and save harmless the Obligee of and from  any and all liability, loss, damage and expense, 
including costs and attorneys' fees, which the Obligee may sustain by reason of the Principal's failure, 
neglect and/or refusal so to do, or by reason of any other default of the Principal thereunder, or def ault of 
the Principal or Surety hereunder, then this obligation shall be null and void; otherwise it shall remain in 
full force and effect.  
The Surety, for value received, agrees that its obligation shall in nowise be impaired or affected 
by any change, extension of time, alteration, addition, omission or other modification in or of the said 
Subcontract, the Contract Documents identified therein or the work to be performed thereunder, or by a ny 
act of forbearance of either the Principal or the Obligee toward the other with respect thereto, or by any 
reduction of any percentage of the Subcontract Sum retained by the Obligee under the Subcontract and 
the other Contract Documents identified therein, and the Surety does hereby waive notice of any and al l 
such changes, extensions of time, alterations, additions, omissions, other modifications, acts of 
forbearance and/or reduction of retained percentage. 
In addition to any other obligations it may have under this Performance Bond, the Subcontract, 
the other Contract Documents identified therein and applicable law, and not in limitation thereof, the 
Surety, for value received, agrees, if requested to do so by the Obligee, to perform fully and complet e the 
Work mentioned and described in said Subcontract an d any and all modifications thereof pursuant to and 
in accordance with the undertakings, covenants, terms, conditions and provisions thereof, if the Principal 
fails, neglects and/or refuses to so perform fully and complete said Work or shall otherwise be in def ault 
under said Subcontract and further agrees to commence the performance of said Work within ten (10) 
calendar days after notice thereof from an Officer of the Obligee of such failure, neglect and/or refusal or 
other default of the Principal and to perform and complete the same within the time required under said 

===== PAGE 47 =====
 
EXHIBIT I      3     Dated 9-7-2012 
 
Subcontract and any and all modifications thereof.  
This Bond shall be for the sole benefit of the Obligee, its successors and assigns, unless 
otherwise specifically agreed in a writing signed by the Surety.    
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Principal and Surety have hereunto affixed their corporate seals 
and caused this Bond to be duly executed and acknow ledged by their duly authorized officers or 
representatives this ________ day of ______________ __, 20___. 
 
 
 
(Corporate Seal)   ________________________________ __ 
(Name of Principal) 
 
Attest:     By:________________________________ 
 
_______________________  Title:____________________ ___________ 
(Secty/Asst. Secty) 
 
 
 
(Corporate Seal)   ________________________________ ____ 
(Name of Surety) 
 
Attest:     By:__________________________________ 
 
_______________________  Title:   Attorney-in-Fact                                   
(Secretary) 
 
 
NOTE :   An original Power of Attorney bearing same date as Bond must be attached. 

===== PAGE 48 =====
 
EXHIBIT I      4     Dated 9-7-2012 
 
CORPORATE ACKNOWLEDGMENT  
 
STATE OF    : 
: ss. 
COUNTY OF    : 
 
 
On this        day of                , 20___, before me appeared                                                 , to me 
known, who being by me duly sworn, did depose and s ay that (s)he resided in                                                
; that (s)he is the                           of                                                          , the corporation (Principal) 
described in and which executed the foregoing Performance Bond (hereinafter "Bond"); that (s)he knew 
the seal of said corporation; that the seal affixed to the foregoing Bond is the corporate seal of sai d 
corporation; and that the foregoing Bond was signed, sealed and delivered on behalf of said corporation 
by its authority duly given as the voluntary act and deed of said corporation. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the said                         has subscribed and sworn to the foregoing 
oaths before me, and I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official seal the day and year first 
above written. 
 
______________________________ 
NOTARY PUBLIC 
(Seal) 
My Commission Expires: 

===== PAGE 49 =====
 
EXHIBIT I-2     1     Dated 9-7-2012 
EXHIBIT I-2  
 Subcontract Labor  
And Material Payment Bond 
 
Project: __________________________________________ _ 
 
Subcontract for:  ____________________ Work 
 
KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that ________________________ 
 
__________________________________________________,  a _______________ corporation, 
(Name of Contractor)        
 
of ________________________________________________ _______________________, as 
    (Address of Contractor) 
 
Principal (hereinafter called the "Principal"), and _____________________________________ 
 
 
__________________________________________________,  a _______________ corporation,  
(Name of Surety 
 
of ________________________________________________ _______________________, as 
   (Address of Surety)  
 
as Surety (hereinafter called the "Surety"), are held and firmly bound unto 
___________________________________________ (herein after called the "Obligee"), in the sum of 
_______________________________________________ DOL LARS ($___________), for the payment 
of which sum well and truly to be made, the Principal and Surety bind themselves, and their respective 
heirs, administrators, executors, successors and assigns jointly and severally, firmly by these presents.  
WHEREAS, the Principal and the Obligee have entered into a written Subcontract for certain 
construction work, as identified above, dated ______________ (hereinafter called the "Subcontract"), in 
connection with the construction of the Project identified herein, all as more fully described and men tioned 
in said Subcontract and the Subcontract and Contract Documents identified therein, which are hereby 
incorporated in and made a part of this Bond with the same force and effect as if fully set forth at length 
herein; and 
WHEREAS, the Subcontract and the other Contract Documents id entified therein require the 
Principal to furnish this Subcontract Performance Bond to the Obligee. 
NOW, THEREFORE, THE CONDITION OF THIS OBLIGATION  is such that, if the Principal and 
any Subcontractor of the Principal to which any por tion of the Work under the Subcontract shall be fur ther 
subcontracted, shall promptly make payment to all c laimants, as hereinafter defined, for all material 

===== PAGE 50 =====
 
EXHIBIT I-2     2     Dated 9-7-2012 
furnished and labor supplied or performed, including public utility services and reasonable rentals of 
equipment (but only for periods when the equipment rented is actually used at the site), then this 
obligation shall be void; otherwise it shall remain in full force and effect, subject, however, to the following 
conditions: 
1. This Bond shall be solely for the protection of claimants supplying labor or materials in 
the prosecution of the Work provided for in the Subcontract to the Principal or to any Subcontractor of the 
Principal to which any portion of the Work under the Subcontract shall be further subcontracted.  A 
Claimant is defined as a person, co-partnership, association or corporation who has furnished material or 
supplied or performed labor in the prosecution of the Work under the Subcontract, including public uti lity 
services and reasonable rentals of equipment (but o nly for periods when the equipment rented is actually 
used at the site). 
2. The above-named Principal and Surety hereby join tly and severally agree with the 
Obligee that every claimant, as herein defined, who has performed labor or furnished material in the 
prosecution of the Work under the Subcontract and who has not been paid in full therefor before the 
expiration of ninety (90) days after the day on which such claimant performed the last of such labor o r 
furnished the last of such materials for which it claims payment, may bring an action on this Bond in its 
own name to recover any amount due it for such labor or material and may prosecute such action to fina l 
judgment and have execution on the judgment.  The p rovisions of this Bond shall be applicable whether 
or not the material furnished or the labor performed enters into and becomes a component part of the 
building, work or improvement contemplated by the S ubcontract.  The Obligee shall not be liable for the 
payment of any costs or expenses of any such suit. 
3. No suit or action shall be commenced hereunder b y any claimant: 
(a) if the claimant has a direct contractual relati onship with any 
Subcontractor of the Principal, but has no contractual relationship, express or implied, 
with the Principal, unless such claimant shall have given written notice to the Principal 
within ninety (90) days after such claimant did or performed the last of the Work or labor, 
or furnished the last of the materials for which said claim is made, stating with substantial 
accuracy the amount claimed and the name of the par ty to whom the materials were 

===== PAGE 51 =====
 
EXHIBIT I-2     3     Dated 9-7-2012 
furnished, or for whom the Work or labor was done or performed.  Such notice shall be 
served by mailing same registered mail or certified mail, postage prepaid, in an envelope 
addressed to the Principal at any place where an office is regularly maintained for the 
transaction of business, or served in any manner in which legal process may be served in 
the manner now or hereafter provided by law for the service of a summons, except that 
such service need not be made by a public officer;  
(b) after the expiration of one (1) year following the date on which Principal 
ceased work on said Subcontract; it being understood, however, that if any limitation 
embodied in this Bond is prohibited by any law controlling the construction hereof, such 
limitation shall be deemed to be amended so as to be equal to the minimum period of 
limitation permitted by such law; 
(c) other than in a state court of competent jurisd iction in and for the county 
or other political subdivision of the state in which the Project, or any part thereof, is 
situated, or in the United States District Court for the district in which the Project, or any 
part thereof, is situated, and not elsewhere. 
4. The amount of this Bond shall be reduced by and to the extent of any payment or 
payments made in good faith hereunder by Surety. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the Principal and Surety have hereunto caused this Bond to be duly 
executed and acknowledged as set forth below this       day of                      , 199 _. 
(Corporate Seal)   ________________________________ __ 
(Name of Principal) 
 
Attest:     By:________________________________ 
 
_______________________  Title:____________________ ___________ 
(Secty/Asst. Secty) 
(Corporate Seal)   ________________________________ ____ 
(Name of Surety) 
 
Attest:     By:__________________________________ 
 
_______________________  Title:   Attorney-in-Fact                                   
(Secretary) 
 
 
NOTE :   An original Power of Attorney bearing same date as Bond must be attached. 

===== PAGE 52 =====
 
EXHIBIT I-2     4     Dated 9-7-2012 
 CORPORATE ACKNOWLEDGMENT 
 
STATE OF____________________ : 
: ss. 
COUNTY OF _________________ : 
 
 
On this ____ day of _____________, 20___, before me  appeared ____________          
__________________________ , to me known, who being  by me duly sworn, did depose and say that 
(s)he resided in __________________; that (s)he is the _____________________ of     
______________________________, the corporation (Pr incipal) described in and which executed the 
foregoing Labor and Material Payment Bond (hereinaf ter "Bond"); that (s)he knew the seal of said 
corporation; that the seal affixed to the foregoing Bond is the corporate seal of said corporation; and that 
the foregoing Bond was signed, sealed and delivered on behalf of said corporation by its authority duly 
given as the voluntary act and deed of said corporation. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the said ______________________  has subscribed and sworn to the 
foregoing oaths before me, and I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official seal the day and ye ar 
first above written. 
 
______________________________ 
NOTARY PUBLIC 
 
(Seal) 
My Commission Expires: 
 

===== PAGE 53 =====
 
EXHIBIT I-3     1     Dated 9-7-2012 
 
EXHIBIT I-3 
 Dual Obligee Rider  
For Subcontract Surety Bonds 
 
 This Rider is to be attached to and forms a part o f Subcontract Performance and Labor and 
Material Payment Bond No.s _________ issued by ____ _________________ (hereinafter referred to as 
“Surety”), as Surety, on the ______ day of _________________, 20__ . 
 WHEREAS, on or about the _____ day of _________, 2 0___, ______________________ 
(hereinafter called the “Principal”), entered into a written agreement with ________________________ 
(hereinafter called the “Primary Obligee”) for the construction of certain ________________ work on th e 
_______________________________________ Project (he reinafter called the “Subcontract”); and  
 WHEREAS, the Principal and the Surety executed and  delivered to said Primary Obligee their 
Subcontract Performance Bond No. ________ and Subco ntract Labor and Material Payment Bond No. 
__________ (“Surety Bonds”) in connection with the Subcontract, and 
 WHEREAS, the Primary Obligee has requested the Pri ncipal and the Surety to Execute and 
deliver this Dual Obligee Rider for the Surety Bonds and the Principal and the Surety have agreed to do 
so. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, notwithstanding any contrary terms  of the Surety Bonds or Subcontract, the 
undersigned hereby agree and stipulate ____________ ____________ shall be added as a named 
obligee (hereinafter referred to as “Additional Obligee”) to the Surety Bonds, subject to the conditions set 
forth below: 
1. In the event of a material default in performanc e by the Primary Obligee to the Principal 
under the terms of the Subcontract, the right of the Additional Obligee to recover hereunder shall be 
subject to the condition that the Additional Obligee remedies said material performance default and 
thereafter continues to perform as required under the terms of the Subcontract. 
 
2. The aggregate liability of the Surety under the Surety Bonds, to any or all of the obligees 
(Primary and Additional Obligees), as their interests may appear, is limited to the total penal sum of the 
Surety Bonds. 
 Signed, sealed and dated this ______ day of ______ ___________, 20____. 
 
(Corporate Seal)   ________________________________ __ 
     (Name of Principal) 
Attest:     By:________________________________ 
_______________________  Title:____________________ ___________ 
(Secty/Asst. Secty) 
 
 

===== PAGE 54 =====
 
EXHIBIT I-3     2     Dated 9-7-2012 
 
(Corporate Seal)   ________________________________ ____ 
     (Name of Surety) 
Attest:     By:__________________________________ 
_______________________  Title:   Attorney-in-Fact                                   
(Secretary) 
NOTE :   An original Power of Attorney bearing same date as Bond must be attached. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

===== PAGE 55 =====
 
EXHIBIT J      1    Dated 9-7-2012 
 
EXHIBIT J 
Certificate of Final Completion 
 
 
3. CERTIFICATE OF 
FINAL COMPLETION      Owner  [] 
        Architect [] 
Number:       Contractor [] 
        Other:  [] 
 
 
PROJECT: ______________________ PROJECT NO:        _____________________ 
  ______________________  
______________________ CONTRACT FOR:    ___________ __________ 
 
    CONTRACT DATE:  _____________________ 
 
TO OWNER: Same as above   TO CONTRACTOR: __________ ___________ 
                _____________________ 
                _____________________ 
 
DATE OF ISSUANCE:  ________________ 
PROJECT OR DESIGNATED PORTION SHALL INCLUDE: 
 
 
 
 
The Architect has inspected the work and finds to the Architects best knowledge, information, and beli ef, 
that the work, including all punch list items established at the time of substantial completion, has been 
completed in accordance with the contract documents .  The date of final completion is hereby established 
as 
      _____________________________________ 
 
 
 
________________________  _________________________ ___ ____________ 
1. ARCHITECT    BY     DATE 
 
 
________________________  _________________________ ___ ____________ 
2. CONTRACTOR    BY     DATE 
 
 
The Owner accepts the work or designated portion thereof as complete and will assume full possession 
thereof. 
 
                                                    ____________________________ ____________ 
3. OWNER    BY     DATE 
  
 
 

===== PAGE 56 =====
 
EXHIBIT K      1    Dated 9-7-2012 
 
EXHIBIT K 
Contractor's Warranty Certificate 
 
 
The undersigned, _____________(the "Contractor"), h ereby makes the following warranties to 
_______________, its successors and assigns (the "O wner"), for certain work and/or the supplying of 
certain materials ("Work") in connection with the Project of ________________ pursuant to the 
Agreement between the Owner and the Contractor date d as of ________________ (the "Agreement") 
 
1. That all material and equipment furnished under the Agreement is new, and that all Work is 
of first-class quality, free from faults and defects, and in conformance with the Contract Documents.  All 
Work not conforming to these requirements, includin g substitutions not properly approved and authorize d, 
shall be considered defective; 
 
2. That the Contractor shall promptly correct all W ork rejected by the Owner or the Architect 
as defective or as failing to conform to the Contract whether observed before or after final payment f or the 
Work and whether or not fabricated, installed, or completed.  The Contractor shall bear all costs of 
correcting such rejected Work; 
 
3. That, if within one year after Substantial Compl etion of the Work, as referenced in the 
Agreement, or within such longer period of time as may be described in Exhibit A to this Certificate or 
elsewhere in the Owner-Contractor Agreement or in the General Conditions of the Agreement, any of the 
Work or equipment is found to be defective or not in accordance with the Contract Documents, the 
Contractor shall correct it promptly after receipt of a written notice from the Owner and Architect to do so.  
The Owner or the Architect shall give such notice promptly after discovery of the condition; 
 
4. All Subcontractors employed by the Contractor ha ve each warranted their portion of the 
Work for the Warranty Period which warranties inure to the benefit of the Owner and the Lender and the 
Contractor, their respective successors and assigns and may be enforced by the Owner, the Lender and 
the Contractor.  The Contractor does hereby further warrant that during the Warranty Period, the 
Contractor shall make good at its own cost and expense all defects in the Work or equipment and all 
damage caused by such defects or by the Work or equipment required to remedy such defects.  All 
corrections to defective Work or equipment shall be made at the convenience of the Owner; 
 
5. That the Contractor has obtained guarantees from  its material and equipment suppliers for 
the Warranty Period and said guarantees inure to the benefit of the Owner and the Contractor and any 
successors or assigns and may be enforced by the Ow ner and the Contractor; 
 
6. That this warranty shall inure to the benefit of  the Owner, the Lender and the Contractor 
and their respective successors or assigns and may be enforced by each of them. 
 
It is understood that this warranty shall in no way be construed to affect in any manner any of the 
provisions of the Agreement to modify or limit any of the obligations, liabilities, and duties of the 
Contractor thereunder. 
 
It is further understood that this warranty shall remain binding and irrevocable during the above 
stated periods, and that the Contractor shall not contest the validity of, or in any way attempt to revoke or 
withdraw from this warranty for any cause whatsoever, whether arising before or after the execution of the 
Contract or of this warranty. 
 
The capitalized terms used in this warranty not otherwise defined herein shall have the same 
meaning herein as in the Agreement. 

===== PAGE 57 =====
 
EXHIBIT K      1    Dated 9-7-2012 
 
 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, we have caused this instrument to be signed by our duly authorized 
officers and our corporate seal to be hereunto affixed the ___ day of ____________, 20___. 
 
 
CONTRACTOR: 
 
 
 
     By:       
 
 
[Corporate Seal] 

===== PAGE 58 =====
 
EXHIBIT K      2    Dated 9-7-2012 
 
Exhibit A to Warranty Certificate 
List of Warranties that are effective for 
more than one year or commence at a time other 
than Substantial Completion 
 
 
TO BE DETERMINED. 
  

===== PAGE 59 =====
 
EXHIBIT K      3    Dated 9-7-2012 
 
COMMONWEALTH OF PENNSYLVANIA : 
 OR 
STATE OF NEW JERSEY :  
: SS 
COUNTY OF ________________ : 
 
On this, the _____ day of _____________, before me,  the subscriber, a Notary Public in 
and for the county of ____________________, persona lly appeared _____________________, who 
acknowledged himself to be the ______________________ of _____________________________, and 
that he as such _____________________________ execu ted the foregoing instrument for the purposes 
therein. 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and  notarial seal. 
 
 
 
______________________________ 
NOTARY PUBLIC 
MY COMMISSION EXPIRES: 
 