

===== PAGE 0 =====
 
Initialed ____/____    
 
 
GUARANTEED MAXIMUM PRICE  
CONSTRUCTION AGREEMENT BETWEEN  
CSH WEST ORANGE, LLC AND IMC CONSTRUCTION  
 
AGREEMENT made as of the 14th day of June in the year of 2023, 
 
BETWEEN:  
CSH West Orange LLC 
1275 Pennsylvania Ave 
2nd Floor 
Washington, DC 20004 
(hereinafter “Owner”) 
 
and: 
 
IMC Construction 
3 Great Valley Parkway, Suite 200 
Malvern, PA 19355 
(hereinafter “Contactor”) 
 
for the following development: 
 
Chelsea Senior Living at West Orange 
609 Eagle Rock Ave 
West
 Orange, NJ 07052 
(hereinafter “Project”) 
 
The Architect is: 
Meyer Architecture & Interiors 
227 E. Lancaster Avenue 
Ardmore, PA 19003 
(hereinafter “Architect”) 
 
 
ARTICLE 1 
THE CONTRACT DOCUMENTS 
 
§1.1 The Contract Documents consist of this Agreement, Conditions of the Contract (General, 
Supplemental and other Conditions, if applicable), Amendments, Drawings, Specifications, 
Addenda issued prior to execution of this Agreement, other documents listed in this Agreement, 
and Modifications including Change Orders issued after execution of this Agreement and any 
amendments thereto. These form the Contract, and are as fully a part of the Contract as if 
attached to this Agreement or repeated herein. The Contract represents the entire and integrated 
agreement between the parties hereto and supersedes prior negotiations, representations or 
agreements, either written or oral. An enumeration of the Contract Documents, other than 
Modifications, appears in Article 14 and includes all exhibits and schedules attached hereto and 
made part hereof (collectively, the “Contract Documents”). 
 


===== PAGE 1 =====
2 
 
Initialed ____/____ 
 
ARTICLE 2    
THE WORK OF THIS CONTRACT 
 
§2.1  The Contractor shall fully execute the Work described in the Contract Documents, except 
to the extent specifically indicated in the Contract Documents where work is defined to be the 
responsibility of others. 
 
§2.2 Marketing Office and Model Units: Contractor acknowledges that Owner requires a 
marketing office and model units of the residential units contemplated for the Project. Contractor 
shall cooperate with Owner to identify acceptable locations for said required marketing office 
and model units and provide as part of its scope of services such coordination, sequencing of 
work, application with, and permitting by Governmental Authorities and the like so as to allow 
the Owner to have access to completed model units to market the Project to the public and 
prospective residents (including a temporary certificate of occupancy or other permits needed to 
authorize the lawful use of the completed model units for marketing and sales by Owner or its 
agents as contemplated hereby). The Owner shall maintain and control the marketing office upon 
turnover, but the Contractor shall assist the Owner in establishing, constructing, permitting and 
opening the on-site marketing office including extending required utilities, landscaping, and 
interior finish-out, and be responsible for assisting in keeping it operational, including but not 
limited to access, parking, facilitating signage, utility service, etc. The Contractor shall ensure 
that the Owner has lawful access to and use of the marketing office for the purpose of marketing 
and sales by Owner or its agents to the public and prospective residents as contemplated herein 
by no later than nine (9) months prior to Substantial Completion of the entire Project.  The 
Contractor shall ensure that the Owner has lawful access to and use of the model units for the 
purpose of marketing and sales by Owner or its agents to the public and prospective residents as 
contemplated herein by no later than three (3) months prior to Substantial Completion of the 
entire Project.  The Contractor shall use reasonable efforts to accomplish such sequencing, 
coordination, and services, and shall incorporate such work into the Project Schedule so both 
parties can avoid creating additional costs and impacts to the Schedule resulting from such work.  
 
ARTICLE 3 
DATE OF COMMENCEMENT AND SUBSTANTIAL COMPLETION 
 
§ 3.1 The
 date of commencement of the Work shall be seven  (7) days after a formal Notice to 
Proceed is issued by the Owner.  
 
§ 3.2 The Contract Time shall be measured from the Commencement Date set forth in the Notice 
to Proceed. 
 
§ 3.2.1 The Owner, in its sole discretion, may issue a limited notice to proceed for a limited 
component of the Work.  The Commencement Date from which the Contract Time shall be 
measured shall not be established by a limited notice to proceed.  There shall be no additional 
fee, markups, or General Conditions costs or General Requirements costs because of or related to 
the issuance of a limited notice to proceed. 
 
§ 3.3 Milestone Dates; Substantial Completion; Liquidated Damages:  The
  Contractor shall 
achieve Substantial Completion of the entire Work not later than Four Hundred Seventy-Three 
(473) calendar days from the Commencement Date. The Contractor understands and agrees that 
time is of the essence in completing the Work required under the Contract Documents, and that 


===== PAGE 2 =====
3 
 
Initialed ____/____ 
 
the Owner will suffer substantial hardship and incur substantial damages if the Work is not 
completed on time, or if the Contractor fails to achieve Substantial Completion on or before the 
scheduled Substantial Completion date set forth above, as such date may be modified under the 
Contract Documents. The parties agree that such damages are difficult or impossible to 
determine with certainty, and therefore have in good faith estimated as fair compensation (and 
not as a penalty) the liquidated damages set forth below. If the Contractor fails to achieve 
Substantial Completion on or before the scheduled date set forth above, as such date may be 
modified in accordance with the Contract Documents, the Contractor shall pay the Owner 
liquidated damages, as fair compensation (and not as a penalty), in accordance with the 
following : 
 
 $2,000  per day for each day beyond the Substantial Completion date 
 
The assessment of liquidated damages shall be paid per calendar day until Substantial 
Completion shall be achieved. Liquidated damages shall be assessed cumulatively in accordance 
with the Contract Documents. Contractor hereby expressly agrees to waive its right to challenge 
the enforceability of this provision, and agrees that the liquidated damages amounts represent a 
reasonable measurement of damages, and not as a penalty, that Owner will sustain in the event of 
late performance.  These liquidated damages are in lieu of Owner’s actual direct or consequential 
damages or losses as a result of Contractor's failure to achieve Substantial Completion of the 
Work.  
 
The Owner may deduct liquidated damages from any amounts due or to become due Contractor, 
or the Owner may require Contractor to pay any liquidated damages which exceed amounts due 
or to become due to Contractor within ten (10) days after Owner’s written request. Contractor 
waives and Owner is not required to comply with any other notice provisions in order to assess 
and/or deduct liquidated damages.  Owner may assess and/or deduct the amount of liquidated 
damages by withholding the amount of the liquidated damages from the payment due to 
Contractor on any pay application(s) and paying that amount to itself. 
 
The Contractor shall complete all final Punch List work such that Final Completion shall be 
achieved within thirty (30) days (or later, upon notice of Contractor to Owner, and approval by 
Owner in writing, for specific items where thirty (30) days is not practical) of Substantial 
Completion or receipt of the final Punch List, whichever is later.   
 
The Contractor will give monthly schedule updates to Owner and a firm commitment sixty (60) 
days prior to the anticipated Substantial Completion date. 
 
§3.4 If the Contractor believes that the Work will not be substantially complete on or before the 
Da
te of Substantial Completion, the Contractor shall have the right to remedy such anticipated 
delay, through accele ration and overtime work in order to prevent the imposition of liquidated 
damages as provided herein. Such costs shall be the responsibility of the Contractor  within the 
GMP.  Such costs shall be a Cost of the Work unless they arise or result in any way from the 
negligence or responsibility of the Contractor or its Subcontractors or suppliers  or arise or result 
in any way from any cause beyond the control of the Owner.  
 
§3.5 Early Completion Bonus: If
  the Work is Substantially Complete prior to the Date of 
Substantial Completion, the Contractor shall be paid an early completion bonus of $1,000 /day 
per each calendar day for a maximum of thirty (30) days. The Contractor must provide a 


===== PAGE 3 =====
4 
 
Initialed ____/____ 
 
minimum of ninety (90) days’ notice that an early completion will be obtained so the Owner may 
ramp up for the Project’s opening in order to be entitled to such bonus. 
 
ARTICLE 4 
CONTRACT SUM 
 
§ 4.1  The Owner shall pay the Contractor the Contract Sum in current funds for the Contractor's 
performance of the Contract. The Contract Sum is the Cost of the Work as defined in this 
Agreement plus the Contractor's Fee. 
 
§ 4.2  Contractor's Fee: For
  completion of the Work required by the Contract Documents, the 
Contractor’s Fee is the lump sum amount of Seven Hundred Fifty Six Thousand One Hundred 
Thirty-Nine  ($756,139).  For changes in the Work, the Contractor’s Fee shall be 2.75% of the 
net increase/decrease of a change order plus additions for Subcontractor Default Insurance 
(1.2%) Contractor Controlled Insurance program (2.5%),  P&P Bond(s) (1%) and Builder’s Risk 
(0.36%). 
 
§ 4.3  Guaranteed Maximum Price: The sum of the Cost of the Work and the Contractor's Fee is 
guaranteed by the Contractor not to exceed Twenty-Eight Million Two Hundred Fifty Two 
Thousand One Hundred  Dollars ($28,252,100) subject to additions and deductions by Change 
Order as provided in the Contract Documents. Such maximum sum is referred to in the Contract 
Documents as the Guaranteed Maximum Price or GMP. Costs which would cause the 
Guaranteed Maximum Price to be exceeded shall be the responsibility of  the Contractor, and 
Contractor shall pay such amounts without reimbursement by the Owner. 
 
To the extent that the Cost of the Work and the Contractor’s Fee is less than the Guaranteed 
Maximum Price, the Contractor shall be entitled to share such  “savings” realized by the Owner 
in connection with the Project as follows:  
 
--first $100,000 of savings shall be distributed 30% to the Contractor and 70% to Owner; 
 
--second $100,000 of savings shall be distributed 25% to the Contractor and 75% to Owner;  
 
--third $100,000 of savings shall be distributed 20% to the Contractor and 80% to Owner; 
 
--fourth $100,000 of savings shall be distributed 15% to the Contractor and 85% to Owner; 
 
--fifth $100,000 of savings shall be distributed 10% to the Contractor and 90% to Owner.  
 
All remaining savings shall be to and for the benefit of the Owner. The Contractor’s share of the 
savings as broken down above shall be capped at $100,000. 
 
§ 4.3.1  Contractor’s Contingency. The Owner and Contractor agree that the Guaranteed 
Maximum Price includes a separate contingency (“Contractor’s Contingency”) in the amount of 
Four Hundred Ninety-Nine Thousand Nine Hundred Fifty-Two Dollars ($499,952).   The 
Contractor’s Contingency is available for the Contractor’s use solely to cover costs reimbursable 
as a Cost of the Work, Subject to Article 6, but not included in a Change Order.  The 
Contractor’s Contingency shall be used only to pay for Costs of the Work not reasonably 
anticipatable by the Contractor on or before the date of this Agreement and which are not 


===== PAGE 4 =====
5 
 
Initialed ____/____ 
 
otherwise included or covered by other line items in the Schedule of Values or the basis of a 
Change Order under the Contract Documents.  By way of example only, the Owner and 
Contractor contemplate that the Contractor’s Contingency may be used to cover Costs of the 
Work arising out of the following: (a) refinement of details of the design within the scope and 
standards of quality and quantities on which the Guaranteed Maximum Price of the Project was 
based; (b) corrective Work not due to the fault or negligence of the Contractor and not able to be 
back-charged to Subcontractors (or to the Contractor for any self-performed trade work), 
provided Contractor has exhausted all reasonable means to obtain correction of same from any 
responsible Subcontractors; (c) nonperformance by Subcontractors that cannot otherwise 
reasonably be recovered; (d) costs arising during construction that could not be adequately 
anticipated by the Contractor at the time of preparing the Guaranteed Maximum Price; and (e) 
unintended gaps or omissions in the buy-out of the Work or unintended buy-out overruns.  The 
Contractor acknowledges and agrees that the Owner has a legitimate desire to keep the Contract 
sum below the Guaranteed Maximum Price to the fullest extent reasonably practicable.  
Therefore, the Contractor shall use the Contractor’s Contingency in good faith and prudently.  In 
no event shall the Contractor’s Contingency be used for any of the following:  (a) any work 
necessary due to Contractor’s negligence or breach of its obligations under the Construction 
Documents; (b) the Contractor’s Fee;; (d) any Cost of the Work recovered from or through (i) 
any Subcontractor, supplier or other person or entity performing any Work, or (ii) bond, 
insurance or other security pertaining to the performance of the Work; or (f) any item that does 
not constitute a Cost of the Work.  Contingency Use Authorization forms are contained in 
Exhibit L.  Contractor shall submit to the Owner and Architect a Contingency Use Authorization 
form for each instance in which Contractor proposes to use all or any part of the Contractor’s 
Contingency in excess of Thirty-five Thousand Dollars ($35,000).  Notwithstanding the previous 
sentence, regardless of amount, any request by Contractor to use Contractor’s Contingency to 
increase the General Conditions line item of the Schedule of Values  must be submitted on a 
Contingency Use Authorization form for Owner’s review and approval.  Contractor shall fully 
describe the amount and basis for the proposed use of the Contractor’s Contingency in the 
Contingency Use Authorization form and shall provide documentation support for proposed 
expenditures to the reasonable satisfaction of the Owner.  Contractor acknowledges and agrees 
that it may not use all or any part of the Contractor’s Contingency for General Conditions costs 
any amount without the prior submission to Owner of a Contingency Use Authorization form 
and Owner’s written approval for such payment in Owner’s reasonable discretion.  Contractor 
further acknowledges and agrees that it may not use all or any part of the Contractor’s 
Contingency in excess of the threshold amount stated above without the prior submission of a 
Contingency Use Authorization form and Owner’s written approval for such payment, which 
approval shall not be unreasonably withheld.  Any use of the Contractor’s Contingency without 
the prior submission of a Contingency Use Authorization form and Owner’s written approval is 
not valid and shall be returned to the Owner immediately.  In addition to the Contingency Use 
Authorization forms, Contractor shall provide the Owner with a monthly written report 
describing the Contractor’s use of the Contractor’s Contingency.  Each month the Contractor’s 
use of the Contractor’s Contingency shall be reconciled with the Owner during the pay 
application review process.  Contractor acknowledges and agrees that Owner has discretion to 
reject any proposed or actual use of the Contractor’s Contingency to the extent the proposed use 
does not satisfy the requirements stated in the Contract. 
 
§ 4.4  The Guaranteed Maximum Price is based on the following alternates, if any, which are 
des
cribed in the Contract Documents and are hereby accepted by the Owner: 


===== PAGE 5 =====
6 
 
Initialed ____/____ 
 
(State the numbers or other identification of accepted alternates. If decisions on other alternates 
are to be made by the Owner subsequent to the execution of this Agreement, attach a schedule of 
such other alternates showing the amount for each and the date when the amount expires.) 
 
§ 4.5 Unit prices, if any, are as set forth on Exhibit F. The unit prices listed in Exhibit F are 
applicable to all Work with respect to the Project involving additional materials and/or services 
performed by Contractor or its Subcontractors (at any tier) and/or credits to the Owner for 
materials and/or services deleted from the Project.  Unit prices include all overhead and profit for 
the Contractor and all Subcontractors, vendors and suppliers at any tier. 
 
§ 4.6  Allowances, if any, are set forth in Exhibit F.  Al
 lowance Use Authorization forms (and 
Contingency Use Authorization forms) are contained in Exhibit L.  Contractor shall submit an 
Allowance Use Authorization form to the Owner and Architect for each instance in which 
Contractor proposes to use all or any part of the Allowance.  Contractor shall fully describe the 
amount and basis for the proposed use of the Allowance in the Allowance Use Authorization 
form.  Contractor acknowledges and agrees that it may not use all or any part of the Allowance 
without the prior submission of an Allowance Use Authorization form and receipt back of the 
Allowance Use Authorization Form signed by Owner and Architect.  Any use of the Allowance 
without the prior submission of an Allowance Use Authorization form and Contractor’s receipt 
of the Allowance Use Authorization form signed by the Owner and Architect is not valid and 
shall be returned to Owner immediately.   
 
§ 4.7 Assumptions, if any, on which the Guaranteed Maximum Price is based are as follows: 
Se
e Qualifications/Clarifications in Exhibit B. 
 
§ 4.8 To the extent that the Drawings and Speci fi
 cations are anticipated to require further 
development by the Architect, the Contractor has provided in the Guaranteed Maximum Price for 
such further development consistent with the Contract Documents and reasonably inferable 
therefrom. Such further development does not include such things as changes in scope, systems, 
kinds and quality of materials, finishes or equipment, all of which, if required, shall be 
incorporated by Change Order. 
 
§ 4.9  When used in the Contract Documents, the letters “GMP” shall be deemed to refer to the 
Guaranteed Maximum Price. The parties will work in good faith to consider value engineering 
options to facilitate quality improvements and Work for the Project and shall complete the 
evaluation of Value Engineering items within sixty (60) days of the Commencement Date. As 
such, a value engineering log will be created and maintained by the Contractor and shared with 
the Owner. When Value Engineering items are fully evaluated and accepted, a Change Order 
shall be executed by the Owner and the Contractor.   
  
ARTICLE 5 
COSTS TO BE REIMBURSED  
 
§ 5.1 Cost of the Work 
The term “Cost of the Work” shall mean costs necessarily incurred by the Contractor in the 
proper performance of the Work. Such costs shall be at rates not higher than the standard paid at 
the place of the Project except with prior, written consent of the Owner. The Cost of the Work 
shall include only the items set forth in this Article 5 per rates set forth on Exhibit E. 
 


===== PAGE 6 =====
7 
 
Initialed ____/____ 
 
§ 5.1.1 General Conditions Amount: The General Conditions Amount quantified below is the 
amount paid to reimburse the Contractor for all General Conditions costs. Notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary in the Contract Documents, the total cost to the Owner for all General 
Conditions costs for the Work shall in no event exceed One Million Four Hundred Seventy 
Thousand  Seventy Seven Dollars ($1,470,077.00) inclusive of all applicable taxes (“General 
Conditions Amount”). without Owner approval which shall not be unreasonably withheld.  Costs 
of General Conditions items that would either cause the Guaranteed Maximum Price to be 
exceeded or that constitute amounts not approved by Owner shall be paid by the Contractor 
without reimbursement from the Owner.  
 
§ 5.2 Labor Costs 
§ 5.2.1 Wages of construction workers directly employed by the Contractor to perform the 
construction of the Work at the site or, with the Owner's approval, at off-site workshops which 
will be billed as a Cost of the Work in accordance with Reimbursable General Conditions & 
Overall Schedule per Exhibit E. 
 
§ 5.2.2 Wages or salaries of the Contractor's supervisory and administrative personnel when 
working on the Project with the Owner's approval per Exhibit E.   
 
 
§ 5.2.3 Wages and salaries of the Contractor's supervisory or administrative personnel engaged, 
at factories, workshops or on the road, in expediting the production or transportation of materials 
or equipment required for the Work, but only for that portion of their time required for the Work. 
 
§ 5.2.4 Costs paid or incurred by the Contractor for taxes, insurance, contributions, assessments 
and benefits required by law or collective bargaining agreements and, for personnel not covered 
by such agreements, customary benefits such as sick leave, medical and health benefits, holidays, 
vacations and pensions, provided such costs are based on wages and salaries included in the Cost 
of the Work under this Article 5 and Exhibit E.  
 
§ 5.2.5  The Cost of the Work shall be credited with all rebates, trade discounts, credits on taxes 
or credits realized on cash deposits or insurance premiums, and Contractor shall take such steps 
as are reasonably necessary and appropriate to obtain such discounts, rebates and credits which 
will be applied for the benefit of Owner.   
 
§ 5.3 Subcontract Costs 
§ 5.3.1 Payments made by the Contractor to Subcontractors in accordance with the requirements 
of the subcontracts. 
 
§ 5.4 Costs of Materials and Equipment Incorporated in the Completed Construction 
§ 5.4.1 Costs, including transportation and storage, of materials and equipment incorporated or to 
be incorporated in the completed construction. 
 
§ 5.4.2 Costs of materials described in the preceding Article 5.4.1 in excess of those actually 
installed to allow for reasonable waste and spoilage. Unused excess materials, if any, shall 
become the Owner's property at the completion of the Work or, at the Owner's option, shall be 
sold by the Contractor. Any amounts realized from such sales shall be credited to the Owner as a 
deduction from the Cost of the Work. 
 


===== PAGE 7 =====
8 
 
Initialed ____/____ 
 
§ 5.5 Costs of Other Materials and Equipment, Temporary Facilities and Related Items 
§ 5.5.1 Costs, including transportation and storage, installation, maintenance, dismantling and 
removal of materials, supplies, temporary facilities, machinery, equipment, and hand tools not 
customarily owned by construction workers, that are provided by the Contractor at the site and 
fully consumed in the performance of the Work; and cost (less salvage value) of such items if not 
fully consumed, whether sold to others or retained by the Contractor. Cost for items previously 
used by the Contractor shall mean fair market value. 
 
§ 5.5.2 Rental charges for temporary facilities, machinery, equipment, and hand tools not 
customarily owned by construction workers that are provided by the Contractor at the site, 
whether rented from the Contractor or others, and costs of transportation, installation, minor 
repairs and replacements, dismantling and removal thereof. Rates and quantities of equipment 
rented shall be subject to the Owner's prior approval.  Rental rates of Contractor-owned 
equipment are set forth in Exhibit E hereto. 
 
§ 5.5.3 Costs of removal of debris from the site. 
 
§ 5.5.4 Costs of document reproductions, facsimile transmissions and long-distance telephone 
calls, postage and parcel delivery charges, telephone service at the site and reasonable petty cash 
expenses of the site office. 
 
§ 5.5.5 That portion of the reasonable expenses of the Contractor's personnel incurred while 
traveling in discharge of duties directly connected with the Work, excluding travel to and from 
the Project location and the Contractor’s office, provided that such expenses are authorized in 
advance by the Owner. 
 
§ 5.5.6 Costs of materials and equipment suitably stored off the site at a mutually acceptable 
location, if approved in advance by the Owner in writing. 
 
§ 5.6 Miscellaneous Costs 
§ 5.6.1 That portion of insurance and bond premiums that can be directly attributed to this 
Contract as approved by Owner and not otherwise excluded by Article 6 or the Contract 
Documents.  Contractor shall provide Owner documents (i.e. – establishing the enrolled 
subcontract value for the CCIP and SDI programs, etc.) to prove that the insurance and bond 
premiums charged to this Contract is for insurance and bonds directly attributed to this Contract 
and no others to the Owner’s reasonable satisfaction.  
 
§ 5.6.1.1 Unless otherwise noted herein, refunds of premiums received by Contractor from an 
insurer or surety shall be credited or paid to Owner, as applicable. 
 
§ 5.6.2 Sales, use or similar taxes imposed by a governmental authority that are related to the 
Work. 
 
§ 5.6.3 Fees and assessments for the building permit and for other permits, licenses and 
inspections for which the Contractor is required by the Contract Documents to pay. 
 
§ 5.6.4 Fees of laboratories for tests required by the Contract Documents, except those related to 
defective or nonconforming Work for which reimbursement is excluded by the Contract 
Documents, and which do not fall within the scope of Article 5.7.3. 


===== PAGE 8 =====
9 
 
Initialed ____/____ 
 
 
§ 5.6.5 Royalties and license fees paid for the use of a particular design, process or product 
required by the Contract Documents; the cost of defending suits or claims for infringement of 
patent rights arising from such requirement of the Contract Documents; and payments made in 
accordance with legal judgments against the Contractor resulting from such suits or claims and 
payments of settlements made with the Owner's consent. However, such costs of legal defenses, 
judgments and settlements shall not be included in the calculation of the Contractor's Fee or 
subject to the Guaranteed Maximum Price. If such royalties, fees and costs are excluded by the 
General Conditions or other provisions of the Contract Documents, then they shall not be 
included in the Cost of the Work. 
 
§ 5.6.6 Data processing costs related to the Work. 
 
§ 5.6.7 Deposits lost for causes other than the Contractor's negligence or failure to fulfill a 
specific responsibility to the Owner as set forth in the Contract Documents. 
 
§ 5.6.8 Legal, mediation and arbitration costs, including attorneys' fees, other than those arising 
from disputes between the Owner and Contractor, or the Owner and any Subcontractor or 
vendor, or the Contractor and any Subcontractor or vendor, reasonably incurred by the 
Contractor in the performance of the Work and with the Owner's prior written approval, which 
approval shall not be unreasonably withheld. 
 
§ 5.6.9 Expenses incurred in accordance with the Contractor's standard personnel policy for 
relocation and temporary living allowances of personnel required for the Work, if approved by 
the Owner. 
 
§ 5.7 Other Costs and Emergencies 
§ 5.7.1 Other costs incurred in the performance of the Work if and to the extent approved in 
advance in writing by the Owner. 
 
§ 5.7.2 Costs due to emergencies incurred in taking action to prevent threatened damage, injury 
or loss in case of an emergency of an immediate, acute, and imminent nature affecting the 
physical safety of persons and property, only as provided in the General Conditions. 
 
§ 5.7.3 Costs of repairing or correcting damaged or nonconforming Work executed by the 
Contractor, Subcontractors or suppliers, provided that such damaged or nonconforming Work 
was not caused by negligence or failure to fulfill a specific responsibility of the Contractor and 
only to the extent that the cost of repair or correction is not recoverable by the Contractor from 
insurance, sureties, Subcontractors or suppliers (of any tier). 
 
ARTICLE 6 
COSTS NOT TO BE REIMBURSED 
 
§ 6.1  The Cost of the Work shall not include, and amounts below shall not be reimbursed or 
otherwise be considered the responsibility of the Owner: 
 
§ 6.1.1 Salaries and other compensation of the Contractor's personnel stationed at the 
Contractor's principal office or offices other than the site office, except as specifically provided 
in Sections 5.2.2 and 5.2.3. 


===== PAGE 9 =====
10 
 
Initialed ____/____ 
 
 
§ 6.1.2 Expenses of the Contractor's principal office and offices other than the site office. 
 
§ 6.1.3 Overhead and general expenses, except as may be expressly included in Article 5. 
 
§ 6.1.4 The Contractor's capital expenses, including interest on the Contractor's capital employed 
for the Work. 
 
§ 6.1.5 Rental costs of machinery and equipment, except as specifically provided in Section 
5.5.2. 
 
§ 6.1.6 Except as provided in Section 5.7.3 of this Agreement, costs due to the negligence or 
failure to fulfill a specific responsibility of the Contractor, Subcontractors and suppliers or 
anyone directly or indirectly employed by any of them or for whose acts any of them may be 
liable. 
 
§ 6.1.7 Any cost not specifically and expressly described in Article 5 herein. 
 
§ 6.1.8 Costs, other than costs included in Change Orders approved by the Owner, that would 
cause the Guaranteed Maximum Price to be exceeded. 
 
§ 6.1.9  reprocurement costs. 
 
ARTICLE 7 
DISCOUNTS, REBATES AND REFUNDS 
 
§ 7.1 Cash discounts obtained on payments made by the Contractor shall accrue to the Owner if 
(1) before making the payment, the Contractor included them in an Application for Payment and 
received payment therefor from the Owner, or (2) the Owner has deposited funds with the 
Contractor with which to make payments; otherwise, cash discounts shall accrue to the 
Contractor. Trade discounts, rebates, refunds and amounts received from sales of surplus 
materials and equipment shall accrue to the Owner, and the Contractor shall make provisions so 
that they can be secured and paid. 
 
§ 7.2 Amounts that accrue to the Owner in accordance with the provisions of Section 7.1 shall be 
credited to the Owner as a deduction from the Cost of the Work. 
 
ARTICLE 8 
SUBCONTRACTS AND OTHER AGREEMENTS 
 
§ 8.1 Those portions of the Work that the Contractor does not customarily perform with the 
Contractor's own personnel shall be performed under subcontracts or by other appropriate 
agreements with the Contractor. The Owner may designate specific persons or entities from 
whom the Contractor shall obtain bids. The Contractor shall obtain bids from Subcontractors and 
from suppliers of materials or equipment fabricated especially for the Work and shall deliver 
such bids to the Architect. The Owner shall then determine, with the advice of the Contractor and 
the Architect, which bids will be accepted. Owner agrees to use its best efforts to assist 
Contractor in resolving disputes and performance issues with Subcontractors or suppliers who 


===== PAGE 10 =====
11 
 
Initialed ____/____ 
 
have been expressly specified in the Contract Documents or who provide proprietary systems for 
which there is not a reasonable alternative.  
 
§ 8.2 If a specific bidder among those whose bids are delivered by the Contractor to the Architect 
(1) is recommended to the Owner by the Contractor; (2) is qualified to perform that portion of 
the Work; and (3) has submitted a bid that conforms to the requirements of the Contract 
Documents without reservations or exceptions, but the Owner requires that another bid be 
accepted, then the Contractor may require that a Change Order be issued to adjust the 
Guaranteed Maximum Price by the difference between the bid of the person or entity 
recommended to the Owner by the Contractor and the amount of the subcontract or other 
agreement actually signed with the person or entity designated by the Owner. 
 
§ 8.3 Subcontracts or other agreements shall conform to the applicable payment provisions of 
this Agreement and the Contract Documents generally, and shall not be awarded on the basis of 
cost plus a fee without the prior written consent of the Owner. 
 
§ 8.4 The Contractor shall provide the Owner with copies of all subcontracts within thirty (30) 
days of execution thereof. 
 
ARTICLE 9 
ACCOUNTING RECORDS 
 
The Contractor shall keep full and detailed accounts and exercise such controls as may be 
necessary for proper financial management under the Contract Documents, and the accounting 
and control systems shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Owner. The Owner and the Owner's 
accountants shall be afforded reasonable access to, and shall be permitted to audit and copy upon 
reasonable advance notice, the Contractor's records, books, correspondence, instructions, 
drawings, receipts, subcontracts, purchase orders, vouchers, memoranda and other data relating 
to this Contract, and the Contractor shall preserve these for a period of three (3) years after final 
payment, or for such longer period as may be required by law.  Contractor shall keep complete 
all proposals received or prepared by Contractor for changed Work and permit Owner to inspect 
and copy all proposals so that Owner may fully understand the cost basis of each proposed 
change.  A like Accounting Records provision shall be included in all subcontracts (of any tier) 
so that Owner may inspect Subcontractor’s books and records. 
 
ARTICLE 10 
CHANGES IN THE WORK 
 
§ 10.1 Mandatory Change Order Language:  Contractor agrees that each and every Change Order 
involving Work performed by Contractor and/or its Subcontractors (of any tier) shall contain the 
following provision in order to be binding on Owner: 
 
“Contractor acknowledges, by its execution and acceptance of this Change Order, that the 
adjustments in the Contract Sum and/or Contract Time shown hereon constitute the full 
and complete adjustments required to be made to the Contract Sum and/or Contract Time 
as a result not only of such change in scope of Work evidenced by this Change Order but 
also for all other known changes to the Work (including the work of its Subcontractors) 
incurred prior to the date hereof except solely for those unresolved claims and/or change 
order proposals listed below which have been properly brought in accordance with the 


===== PAGE 11 =====
12 
 
Initialed ____/____ 
 
Contract Documents, and that, subject to such appropriate claims and proposals, the 
adjusted Contract Sum and/or Contract Time shown hereon is an accurate representation 
of the Contract Sum and/or Contract Time through the date hereof. Except for appropriate 
unresolved claims and/or change order proposals listed below, all previous requests for 
an adjustment in Contract Sum and/or Contract Time are satisfied by this Change Order.  
 
Further, in consideration for the Contract Sum and/or Contract Time adjustment made 
herein, the Contractor hereby releases and waives any and all claims, causes of action, 
and/or lien rights against the Owner or the Project for all costs, expenses or losses of any 
nature or description which have arisen or are in any manner related to any aspect of the 
Work from the date the Work originally commenced to the date of this Change Order, 
except for retention, proper contract billings in progress, and appropriate unresolved 
claims and/or change order proposals listed below, and this release and waiver shall 
otherwise apply to all claims, disputes, and other matters through the date of the Change 
Order.  
 
The Contractor hereby acknowledges Article 4.3.7.1.2 of the General Conditions of the 
Contract Documents, and expressly agrees that to the extent that the Owner grants 
additional costs or increases the Contract Sum and Schedule in this Change Order, this 
Change Order does not negate Article 4.3.7.1.2 and shall not be construed to conflict 
therewith, or create an ambiguity in the Contract, nor shall it be deemed a waiver of the 
terms of Article 4.3.7.1.2. 
 
Contractor agrees that each and every Change Order executed between Contractor and 
each of its Subcontractors will contain the language quoted directly above, but 
substituting the word “Subcontractor” for “Contractor” and adding the words “Contractor 
and the” before the word “Owner.” 
 
ARTICLE 11 
PAYMENTS 
 
§ 11.1 PROGRESS PAYMENTS 
§ 11.1.1 Based upon Applications for Payment submitted to the Architect by the Contractor and 
Cer
tificates for Payment issued by the Architect, the Owner shall make progress payments on 
account of the Contract Sum to the Contractor as provided below and elsewhere in the Contract 
Documents. 
 
§11.1.2 The period covered by each Application for Payment shall be one (1) calendar month 
endi
ng on the last day of the month, or as follows: 
 
§11.1.3 Provided that an Application for Payment is received by the Architect not later than the 
25th da
y of a month, the Owner shall make payment to the Contractor not later than the 30th day 
of the following month. If an Application for Payment is received by the Architect after the 
application date fixed above, payment shall be made by the Owner not later than thirty (30) days 
after the Architect receives the Application for Payment. 
 
§11.1.4 The Contractor will provide with the first Application for Payment and each subsequent 
Appl
ication for Payment, up to the final Application for Payment, a partial release of liens 
subject to receipt of payment.  Upon receipt of payment, the Contractor will secure release of 


===== PAGE 12 =====
13 
 
Initialed ____/____ 
 
liens from all Subcontractors and material/equipment supply companies reflecting the payment 
made to each Subcontractor and material/equipment supply company to Contractor.  Releases 
will be attached to the next Application for Payment. This process will continue until the final 
Application for Payment at which time the Contractor will submit to the Owner and Architect a 
final unconditional release of lien for Contractor and Subcontractors, releasing any and all liens 
subject to the receipt of final payment.  Monthly Applications for Payment will include copies of 
Subcontractor pay applications or invoices to substantiate pay requests. The Contractor shall 
execute Exhibit D and deliver it to the Owner after all payments for work are made.   
 
§11.1.5  With each Application for Payment, the Contractor shall submit payrolls, petty cash 
accounts, receipted invoices or invoices with check vouchers attached, as required herein, and 
any other evidence required by the Owner or Architect or Owner’s lender to demonstrate that 
cash disbursements already made by the Contractor on account of the Cost of the Work equal or 
exceed (1) progress payments already received by the Contractor; less (2) that portion of those 
payments attributable to the Contractor's Fee; plus (3) payrolls for the period covered by the 
present Application for Payment as required herein. 
 
§ 11.1.5.1 Coordination with Lender Requirements: Further, all of the provisions herein 
regarding payment applications must be read in conjunction with the Lender requirements. The 
Contractor acknowledges and agrees to fully comply with the following Lender requirements, 
and cooperate with Owner to the best of its ability to facilitate compliance therewith: 
 
Disbursement Requests to Lender. When Owner believes it is entitled to an Advance from 
Lender with respect to the Improvements, Owner must furnish Lender with all or some of the 
following with respect to the Improvements, all in form satisfactory to Lender: 
 
(1) A Disbursement Request, together with AIA Forms G702 and G703 (and such other 
forms as may from time to time be approved or required by Lender in its reasonable 
discretion), setting forth such details concerning the construction of the Improvements as 
Lender may reasonably require, including the amounts expended to the date of the 
Disbursement Request for the Improvements, the amounts then due and unpaid for 
construction of the Improvements and an itemized estimate of the amount necessary to 
complete the Improvements. Any materials covered by a Disbursement Request must be 
suitably stored at the construction site, inventoried, safeguarded and insured against loss, 
damage, and theft. 
 
(2) The certification by Owner, by Architect (to its best knowledge at the time of the 
certification), by Contractor (to its best knowledge at the time of the certification), and, at 
Lender's option, by an independent architect or engineer of Lender's selection, that: 
a. all work performed is in substantial accordance with the Plans and Specifications; 
b. all licenses and permits required by any Governmental Authority for the 
Improvements as then completed have been obtained and will be exhibited to Lender 
upon request; 
c. the Improvements as then completed do not violate, and, if further completed in 
accordance with the Plans and Specifications, will not violate, any applicable law, 
ordinance, rule or regulation; and 
d. the remaining undisbursed proceeds of the Loan, together with any Owner's funds 
deposited with Lender, are sufficient to pay for the completion of the Improvements. 
(It is agreed that this Contractor does not have this knowledge and cannot make this 


===== PAGE 13 =====
14 
 
Initialed ____/____ 
 
representation). 
 
(3) Certification by Owner that no Event of Default exists, and, to the best of its knowledge, 
no event has occurred and no condition exists that, after notice or lapse of time, or both, 
would constitute an Event of Default. 
 
(4) Paid invoices and unconditional (other than receipt of the payment requested) lien 
waivers from the Contractor, and at Lender's option, from all Subcontractors, relating to 
the construction of the Improvements for all work through the date of the previous 
Disbursement Request, and invoices from the Contractor and from the Major 
Subcontractors for all work covered by the current Disbursement Request. 
 
(5) Evidence that any inspection required by any Governmental Authority as of such date has 
been completed with results satisfactory in all material respects to that Governmental 
Authority. 
 
(6) Full unconditional lien waivers from Contractor, Major Subcontractors and all other 
subcontractors with respect to all prior Advances. 
 
(7) Such other information and documents as Lender may reasonably require related to such 
Disbursement Request. 
 
§11.1.6   Each Application for Payment shall be based on the most recent Schedule of Values 
submitted by the Contractor in accordance with the Contract Documents. The Schedule of 
Values shall allocate the entire Guaranteed Maximum Price among the various portions of the 
Work, except that the Contractor's Fee shall be shown as a single separate item. Any proposed 
changes or adjustments to the Schedule of Values must be set forth in detail in writing and 
submitted to the Owner for approval.  Notwithstanding the above, the Owner acknowledges that 
the Project is not a line item GMP and that, excluding any reallocations involving the 
Contingency and/or General Conditions and/or General Requirements which can only be 
reallocated with the approval of the Owner, Contractor may reallocate the Schedule of Values 
across line items in the GMP provided that each month Contractor submit to Owner in writing 
Contractor’s proposed reallocations in such form and supported by such data to substantiate its 
accuracy as the Owner or Architect may require.  In no event can the amount stated in the 
General Conditions line item of the Schedule of Values be adjusted or changed without the 
written approval of the Owner.  This Schedule of Values, unless objected to by the Architect or 
Owner, shall be used as a basis for reviewing the Contractor's Applications for Payment. 
 
§11.1.7   Applications for Payment shall show the percentage of completion of each portion of 
the
 Work as of the end of the period covered by the Application for Payment. The percentage of 
completion shall be the lesser of (1) the percentage of that portion of the Work which has 
actually been completed; or (2) the percentage obtained by dividing (a) the expense that has 
actually been incurred by the Contractor on account of that portion of the Work for which the 
Contractor has made or intends to make actual payment prior to the next Application for 
Payment by (b) the share of the Guaranteed Maximum Price allocated to that portion of the Work 
in the Schedule of Values. 
 
§11.1.8    Subject to other provisions of the Contract Documents, the amount of each progress 
paym
ent shall be computed as follows: 


===== PAGE 14 =====
15 
 
Initialed ____/____ 
 
 
.1 take that portion of the Guaranteed Maximum Price properly allocable to completed 
Work as determined by multiplying the percentage of completion of each portion of 
the Work by the share of the Guaranteed Maximum Price allocated to that portion of 
the Work in the Schedule of Values. Pending final determination of cost to the 
Owner of changes in the Work, amounts not in dispute shall be included as provided 
in the General Conditions; 
 
.2 add that portion of the Guaranteed Maximum Price properly allocable to m aterials 
and equipment delivered and suitably stored at the site for subsequent incorporation 
in the Work, or if approved in advance by the Owner, suitably stored off the site at a 
location agreed upon in writing; 
 
.3 add the Contractor's Fee, less retaina ge of ten percent (10%). The Contractor's Fee 
shall be computed upon the Cost of the Work described in the two preceding Clauses 
at the rate stated in this Agreement or, if the Contractor's Fee is stated as a fixed sum 
in that Subparagraph, shall be an amount that bears the same ratio to that fixed-sum 
fee as the Cost of the Work in the two preceding Clauses bears to a reasonable 
estimate of the probable Cost of the Work upon its completion; 
 
.4 subtract the aggregate of previous payments made by the Owner; 
 
.5 subtract the shortfall, if any, indicated by the Contractor in the documentation 
required to substantiate prior Applications for Payment, or resulting from errors 
subsequently discovered by the Owner's accountants in such documentation; and 
 
 .6 subtract amounts, if any, for which the Architect has withheld or nullified a 
Certificate for Payment as provided in the General Conditions. 
 
§11.1.9       The Owner shall withhold as retainage 10% of each approved progress payment 
through 50% completion, on a line item basis, of the Project. Once a line item reaches 50% 
completion no further retainage will be held on that line item. This retainage shall be withheld 
until Substantial Completion as defined in the Contract Documents.  Upon Substantial 
Completion of the Work by the Contractor, the Contractor shall be paid a sum sufficient to 
increase the total payments to the Contractor to 100% of the Cost of the Work and Fees, but less 
an amount equal to 200% of the costs of the Work for incomplete Work or Punch List Work.  
However, in no event will the retainage be reduced lower than the amount required by the 
Lender in the Construction Loan Agreement. In the event of any inconsistency between this 
retainage clause and the Construction Loan Agreement, the Construction Loan Agreement shall 
govern. 
 
§11.1.10 Except as otherwise provided in Exhibit G, it is specifically understood and agreed that 
any a
nd all payments to the Contractor are dependent, as an express condition precedent, upon 
the Owner receiving contract payments from the Lender. Payments to the Contractor shall be 
made, under the terms of this Agreement, only after such payments are received by the Owner 
from the Lender. It is specifically understood and agreed that any and all payments to the 
Contractor are dependent, as an express condition precedent, upon the Owner receiving contract 
payments from the Lender and satisfaction of all conditions precedent as are applicable to 
advances of Lender's funds for payments to the Contractor as specified in the Lender's loan 


===== PAGE 15 =====
16 
 
Initialed ____/____ 
 
documents (and as referenced in Article 11.1.5.1 of the Agreement). Payments to the Contractor 
shall be made, under the terms of this Agreement, only after such payments are received by the 
Owner from the Lender. If an undisputed payment due to the Contractor under the Contract is 
delayed under this provision by more than sixty (60) days, the Contractor shall have the right to 
pursue its rights and remedies under the Disputes provisions of the Contract. 
 
§11.1.11 Contractor shall provide Owner, upon execution of this Agreement, written instructions 
and all necessary forms required by Owner to effectuate payment to Contractor by check or wire 
transfer. If Contractor sends to Owner a request to change such payment information, Owner 
agrees that it will not modify or make a change to this payment information until Contractor's 
President and CEO or Chief Financial Officer, provides oral confirmation and Contractor 
provides Owner with a notarized confirmation from Contractor's Chief Financial Officer.  Owner 
shall make no changes to the payment information if it does not receive both oral and written 
confirmation as stated herein.   
 
§ 11.2 FINAL PAYMENT  
§ 11.2.1 Final payment, constituting the entire unpaid balance of the Contract Sum, shall be 
made by the Owner to the Contractor when: 
 
.1 the Contractor has fully performed the Contract except for the Contractor's 
responsibility to correct Work as provided in the General Conditions, and to satisfy 
other requirements, if any, which extend beyond final payment; and 
 
.2 a final Certificate for Payment has been issued by the Architect. 
 
§ 11.2.2 The Owner shall perform a review of the Contractor’s final accounting of the Cost of 
the Work within thirty (30) days of receipt thereof. The Owner's final payment to the Contractor 
shall be made no later than thirty (30) days after the issuance of the Architect's Certificate of 
Final Completion, per the payment provisions of this Agreement. 
 
ARTICLE 12 
TERMINATION OR SUSPENSION 
 
§ 12.1 The Contract may be terminated by the Owner or the Contractor as provided in the 
General Conditions. 
 
§ 12.2 The Work may be suspended by the Owner as provided in the General Conditions. 
 
ARTICLE 13 
MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 
 
§ 13.1  Contractor acknowledges that the Contract Sum and Contract Time are based upon the 
most current set of drawings and specifications and other Contract Documents, and the risks the 
Contractor has assumed pursuant to the Contract Documents.  Contractor acknowledges that it 
fully understands and appreciates the scope, intent, and coordination of the Work for this Project, 
and that Contractor has sufficient information and detail to agree upon the Guaranteed Maximum 
Price with the Owner. Contractor understands and acknowledges that a complete construction set 
of drawings and specifications, as is customary in the industry, will be issued after contract 


===== PAGE 16 =====
17 
 
Initialed ____/____ 
 
execution upon which the Contractor shall build the Project.  The completed construction set of 
drawings and specifications shall supersede any prior drawings and specifications. 
 
§ 13.2  Contractor shall have sixty (60) days after receipt of the completed construction drawings 
and specifications to review the same and notify Owner in writing (with supporting 
documentation) that there exist physical scope changes to the Project that could not be 
reasonably discernable from Contractor’s thorough review of the Contract drawings and 
specifications and other Contract Documents upon which the Contract Sum and Time were 
agreed.  Contractor shall have the burden to demonstrate that it is entitled to a Change Order for 
any increase in price or time.  If the Owner and Contractor cannot agree whether a Change Order 
is appropriate, the parties will proceed under the “Claims and Disputes” provisions of the 
General Conditions of the Contract, and Contractor shall continue performance of the Work.  
Said peer review is not considered design peer review. 
 
§ 13.3  The Contract Sum includes the cost to perform all work necessary to provide a complete, 
useable, working facility, in accordance with the scope and intent of the Contract Documents to 
the extent consistent with and reasonably inferable therefrom.   
 
§ 13.4  The Contractor represents and warrants the following to the Owner (in addition to any 
other express representations and warranties contained in the Contract Documents) which 
representations and warranties shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement, any 
termination of this Agreement, and Final Completion of the Work: 
.1 that the Contractor is and shall remain financially solvent and able to pay all debts as 
they mature and possessed of sufficient working capital to complete the Work and 
perform all obligations hereunder; 
.2 that the contractor is able to furnish plant, tools, materials, supplies, equipment, and 
labor required to complete the Work in accordance with the Contract Documents and 
within the time limit set for Substantial Completion and perform his obligations 
hereunder and has sufficient experience and competence to do so; 
.3 that the Contractor is authorized to do business in the State where the Project is 
located and is properly licensed by all necessary governmental and public and quasi-
public authorities having jurisdiction over the Contractor and Work of the Project; 
.4 that the Contractor has visited the Project site and is generally familiar with the local 
conditions under which the Work is to be performed and has correlated such 
observations with the requirements of the Contract Documents. 
 
§ 13.5  This Agreement has been negotiated and entered into by each party with the advice of 
independent counsel and shall not be construed against one party or the other based on which 
party drafted any portions of the Agreement. 
 
§ 13.6 This Agreement is based on the assumption that this Proje ct is not subject to any state or 
federal prevailing wage laws. In the event that this Project becomes subject to any state or 
federal prevailing way laws, an equitable adjustment will be made to the rates specified in 
Exhibit E and the Guaranteed Maximum Price. 
 
§13.7 Contractor understands and acknowledges that Owner is obligated to the Lender under its 
Loan Agreement. Contractor agrees to fully cooperate with Owner and to provide any and all 
information and/or documents needed by the Owner to comply with the Loan Agreement, in a 
timely and complete fashion. Contractor agrees to fully cooperate with Owner in performance of 


===== PAGE 17 =====
18 
 
Initialed ____/____ 
 
Owner's obligations under the Loan Agreement, and not hinder or interfere with Owner's 
fulfillment of its obligations thereunder. 
 
§13.8 Lender Requirements: 
 
 §13.8.1 The Lender shall require the Contractor and its Subcontractors to sign 
Consent to Assignment forms, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit K. In the event the Contract 
is assigned to the Lender, the Contractor agrees to perform for Lender the services contracted to 
Owner, and further agrees to require this same provision in its Subcontracts, as well as copies of 
the Consent to Assignment form. 
 
 §13.8.2 If requested by Owner in order to comply with Lender requirements, th e 
Contractors shall promptly produce copies of resumes and a good standing certificate. 
 
 § 13.8.3 To comply with the Lender requirements, Contractor shall provide Owner with a 
list of all Major Subcontractors, all other Subcontractors, suppliers and materialmen employed or 
retained for the Project, or that Contractor knows is to be employed or retained in connection 
with the construction of the Improvements. Such list shall show the name, address and telephone 
number of each such person, a general statement of the nature of the work to be done, the labor 
and materials to be supplied, the names of materialmen, if known, and the approximate dollar 
value of such labor or work with respect to each. 
 
 § 13.8.4 Contractor acknowledges it is aware that Lender has to approve the Contractor 
and the Construction Contract. 
 
 §13.8.5 Contractor acknowledges it is also aware that Lender has to approve all "Major 
Subcontractors" (defined as Subcontractors performing work for the Project pursuant to 
contractor or subcontracts in excess of two hundred fifty thousand dollars ($250,000)). If the 
Lender reasonably objects to a Major Subcontractor, and the Contractor must contract with 
another person or entity, the Contract Time and Contract Sum will be equitably adjusted if 
necessary. 
 
 § 13.8.6 Contractor acknowledges Lender's right except as noted herein "to examine and 
make copies and extracts of any books, records, accounting data and other documents, including 
all permits, licenses, consents and approvals of Governmental Authorities having jurisdiction 
over Borrower, the Improvements, Contractor, Major Subcontractors and all other 
Subcontractors and/or materialmen supplying labor and/or materials in connection with the 
Improvements." Further, Contractor acknowledges Owner's obligation "to permit Lender to 
examine and copy all books and account records and other papers relating to the Property and the 
construction of the Improvements" as permitted herein. Contractor agrees to cooperate with, and 
cause all Subcontractors and materialmen to cooperate with, Lender. 
 
 §13.8.7 Contractor acknowledges that Owner is obligated to "promptly upon request of 
Lender from time to time, furnish to Lender correct lists of the Major Subcontractors and all 
other Subcontractors, suppliers and materialmen employed or retained in connection with the 
construction of the Improvements. Each such list shall show the name, address and telephone 
number of each such person, a general statement of the nature of the work to be done by such 
person, the labor and materials to be supplied by such person, the names of materialmen, if 
known, and the approximate dollar value of such labor or work with respect to each such person. 


===== PAGE 18 =====
19 
 
Initialed ____/____ 
 
Lender shall have the right to communicate with General Contractor, each Subcontractor and/or 
each materialman to verify the facts disclosed by said list, or by any Disbursement Request, or 
for any other purpose reasonably related to the Loan."  
 
ARTICLE 14 
ENUMERATION OF CONTRACT DOCUMENTS 
 
§ 14.1 The Contract Documents, except for Modifications issued after execution of this 
Agreement, are enumerated as follows: 
 
§ 14.1.1 The Agreement.  
 
§ 14.1.2 The General Conditions.   
 
§ 14.1.3 The Supplemental Conditions (if applicable). 
 
§ 14.1.4 The Specifications.  
 
§ 14.1.5 The Drawings.  
 
§ 14.1.6 The Addenda. 
  


===== PAGE 19 =====
20 
 
Initialed ____/____ 
 
 
§ 14.1.7 Other documents, if any, forming part of the Contract Documents are as follows: 
 
EXHIBIT A:  Project Documentation List dated May 6, 2022 
EXHIBIT B:  Contractor’s Qualifications and Clarifications, dated June 14, 2023 
EXHIBIT C:  Contract Schedule (GMP) dated data date 02-Jun-23 
EXHIBIT D: Lien Waiver Forms   
EXHIBIT E: GMP Reimbursable Rate Expenses dated CIPGMP 2023 
EXHIBIT F (a) – Allowances dated April 20, 2023, Rev 8 
EXHIBIT F (b) – VM list updated 6.11.2023 
EXHIBIT G: INTENTIONALLY OMITTED 
EXHIBIT H: General Conditions Costs dated 8/18/2022; and General Requirements 
included in Trades 09/30/2022. 
EXHIBIT I: GMP Cost Breakdown dated April 20, 2023, Rev 8________ 
EXHIBIT J: Insurance Requirements  
EXHIBIT K: Consent to Assignment Forms 
EXHIBIT L:  Use Authorization Forms 
 
§ 14.2 In the event of any conflict, ambiguity, or inconsistency among any provisions within the 
Contract Documents, the more stringent or higher quality shall apply.  
 
ARTICLE 15 
PROJECT REPRESENTATIVES 
§ 15.1 The Owner's representatives are: 
(
Name, address and other information.) 
 
Jim May – Director of Construction  
CSH Marlton, LLC 
1275 Pennsylvania Ave, 2nd Floor 
Washington, DC 20004 
 
Brandon McHugh – Project Manager 
CSH West Orange, LLC 
1275 Pennsylvania Ave, 2nd Floor 
Washington, DC 20004 
 
 
 
§ 15.2 
The Contractor's representative is: 
(Name, address and other information.) 
 
Steve Kreiling – Contract Manager 
IMC Construction 
3 Great Valley Parkway, Suite 200 
Malvern, PA 19355 
 
§ 15.3 Neither the Owner's nor the Contractor's representative(s) shall be changed without ten 
(10) days' written notice to the other party. 
 


===== PAGE 20 =====
21 
Initialed ____/____ 
 
This Agreement is entered into as of the day and year first written above and is executed in at 
least three (3) original copies, of which one is to be delivered to the Contractor, one to the 
Architect for use in the administration of the Contract, and the remainder to the Owner. 
By: 
CSH West Orange, LLC International Management Consultants, Inc. 
d/b/a  IMC Construction 
OWNER (Signature) CONTRACTOR (Signature) 
(Printed name and title) 
Michael Lloyd, President 
James P May, Director of Construction

===== PAGE 21 =====
 
Initials ___/___ 
 
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE GUARANTEED MAXIMUM PRICE 
CONSTRUCTION CONTRACT BETWEEN  
 CSH WEST ORANGE, LLC AND IMC CONSTRUCTION, INC.   
  
 
The Owner is: 
CSH West Orange, LLC 
1275 Pennsylvania Ave 
2nd Floor 
Washington, DC 20004 
 
The Contractor is: 
IMC Construction, Inc.  
3 Great Valley Parkway, Suite 200  
Malvern, PA 19355 
 
The Project is: 
Chelsea Senior Living at West Orange 
609 Eagle Rock Ave. 
West Orange, NJ 07052_ 
 
The Architect is: 
Meyer Architecture & Interiors 
227 E. Lancaster Avenue 
Ardmore, PA 19003 
 
The Owner and Contractor hereby agree as follows: 
 
ARTICLE 1   GENERAL PROVISIONS 
 
§ 1.1 BASIC DEFINITIONS 
 
§ 1.1.1 THE CONTRACT DOCUMENTS 
The Contract Documents consist of the Agreement between Owner and Contractor 
(hereinafter the Agreement), these General Conditions of the Contract (hereinafter the 
General Conditions), Supplemental and other Conditions (if applicable), Amendments, 
Drawings, Specifications, Addenda issued prior to execution of the Agreement, other 
documents listed in the Agreement, and Modifications, including Change Orders, issued 
after execution of the Agreement, and any amendments thereto.  
 
A Modification is (1) a written amendment to the Contract signed by both parties, (2) a 
Change Order, (3) a Construction Change Directive, (4) a written order for a minor 
change in the Work issued by the Owner, or (5) an ASI (Architect’s Supplemental 
Instruction) when signed by both the Owner and the Architect.   
 
Unless specifically enumerated in the Agreement, the Contract Documents do not include 
other documents such as bidding requirements (advertisement or invitation to bid, 


===== PAGE 22 =====
 
Initials ___/___ 
 
Instructions to Bidders, sample forms, the Contractor's bid or portions of Addenda 
relating to bidding requirements) or geotechnical reports.  If geotechnical reports are 
provided to the Contractor, they are provided for reference and information only and are 
not design documents. 
 
§ 1.1.2 THE CONTRACT 
The Contract Documents form the Contract for Construction. The Contract represents the 
entire and integrated agreement between the parties hereto and supersedes prior 
negotiations, representations or agreements, either written or oral. The Contract may be 
amended or modified only by a Modification. The Contract Documents shall not be 
construed to create a contractual relationship of any kind (1) between the Architect and 
Contractor, (2) between the Owner and a Subcontractor or Sub-subcontractor (at any 
tier), except as set forth in §§ 5.3 and 5.4, (3) between the Owner and Architect or (4) 
between any persons or entities other than the Owner and Contractor. The Architect shall, 
however, be entitled to performance and enforcement of obligations under the Contract 
intended to facilitate performance of the Architect's duties. 
 
§ 1.1.3 THE WORK 
The term "Work" means the construction and services required by the Contract 
Documents, whether completed or partially completed, and includes all other labor, 
materials, equipment and services provided or to be provided by the Contractor to fulfill 
the Contractor's obligations. The Work may constitute the whole or a part of the Project. 
 
§ 1.1.4 THE PROJECT 
“The Project” means the construction project identified in the Agreement and on the first 
page of these General Conditions and the Work performed thereat or required to be 
performed under the Contract Documents. 
 
§ 1.1.5 OTHER DEFINITIONS 
 
§1.1.5.1  The term “Agreement” shall mean the Guaranteed Maximum Price Construction 
Agreement Between the Owner and the General Contractor. References to “this 
Agreement” or “the Agreement” shall refer to this instrument, which is one of the 
Contract Documents.  
§1.1.5.2  The term “Allowances” shall mean the allowable amount for the Cost of the 
Work (as defined herein) for specific items/portions of the Work, which items/portions 
and related amounts are identified and described in Section 4.6 of the Agreement and the 
applicable Exhibit thereto.  
§1.1.5.3  The term “Architect” shall mean the architect identified in the Agreement and 
shall be deemed to include authorized representatives. 
§1.1.5.4  The term “Certificate of Insurance” shall mean a certificate issued by an 
insurance company or representative that confirms the existence of the insurance required 
of Contractor for the Project, the limits of coverage, its expiration date and additional 
insureds. 


===== PAGE 23 =====
 
Initials ___/___ 
 
 
§1.1.5.5  The term “Claim” shall mean a demand or assertion by one of the parties 
seeking, as a matter of right,  adjustment or interpretation of Contract terms, payment of 
money, extension of time or other relief with respect to the terms of the Contract. The 
term "Claim" also includes other disputes and matters in question between the Owner and 
Contractor arising out of or relating to the Contract. A demand for money or services by a 
third party is not a Claim.     
§1.1.5.6  The term “Contract Schedule” shall mean the schedule for the performance and 
completion of the Work attached Exhibit C to the Agreement.  The Contract Schedule 
sets forth the progress and milestones of the Work and the agreed upon date for 
Substantial Completion of the Project.   
§1.1.5.7  The term “Contract Time” shall mean the period of time allotted in the Contract 
Schedule attached hereto as Exhibit C within which Contractor shall achieve Substantial 
Completion of the Work. 
§1.1.5.8  The term “Contract Contingency” shall mean the amount of contingency within 
the Guaranteed Maximum Price to be used as set forth in the Contract Documents 
including Section 4.3 of the Agreement. 
§1.1.5.9  The term “Contractor’s Fee” shall mean the stipulated fee that Owner shall pay 
Contractor for Contractor’s full and complete performance of its obligations under the 
Contract Documents.  The amount of Contractor’s Fee is forth in Section 4.2 of the 
Agreement. 
§1.1.5.10  The term “Cost of the Work” shall mean those items of Work, which are paid 
for by Owner to Contractor, and consist of only those categories of costs set forth as 
allowable in Article 5 of the Agreement. 
§1.1.5.11  The term “Critical Path” shall mean the longest sequence of activities in the 
Contract Schedule which must be completed on time for the Project to be complete by the 
Substantial Completion date. 
§1.1.5.12  The term “day” or “days” shall mean a calendar day or days, unless specified 
to the contrary. 
§1.1.5.13  The term “Delay” shall mean an actual postponement (and not a theoretical 
postponement) in the performance of the Work that deviates from the Contract Schedule 
for the Project. 
§1.1.5.14  The term “Drawings” shall mean the graphic or pictorial portions of the 
Contract Documents which show, among other things, the design, location and 
dimensions of the Work, generally including, but not limited to, plans, elevations, 
sections, details, schedules and diagrams. 


===== PAGE 24 =====
 
Initials ___/___ 
 
§1.1.5.15  The term “Final Completion” shall mean actual acceptance by Owner of the 
fully completed Project from Contractor, as further set forth in Section 9.10 of the 
General Conditions. 
§1.1.5.16  The term “General Conditions” shall mean the General Conditions of the 
Guaranteed Maximum Price Construction Contract Between the Owner and the General 
Contractor.  
§1.1.5.17  The term “Governmental Authority(ies)” shall mean and refer to the United 
States of America, the State wherein the Project is located,  the county and city wherein 
the Project is located or any political subdivision thereof, or any agency, court, arbitrator, 
governmental agency or authority having jurisdiction over the Project, the Work or 
Contractor. 
§1.1.5.18  The term “Guaranteed Maximum Price” or “GMP” shall mean the total 
maximum cost to be paid by Owner for Contractor’s full and complete performance 
under the Contract Documents, including, without limitation, Contractor’s full and 
complete performance of the Work, all services of Contractor under the Contract, 
warranty work, furnishing of all labor, materials, and equipment necessary to construct 
the Work and all fees, compensation and reimbursements to Contractor.  The GMP is set 
forth in Section 4.3 of the Agreement.  
§1.1.5.19  The terms “Knowledge,” “Recognize,” and “Discover,” their respective 
derivatives, and similar terms in the Contract Documents, as used in reference to the 
Contractor, shall be interpreted to mean that which the Contractor knows (or should 
know), recognizes (or should recognize), and discovers (or should discover) in exercising 
the care, skill and diligence required by the Contract Documents.  Analogously, the 
expression “reasonably inferable” and similar terms in the Contract Documents shall be 
interpreted to mean reasonably inferable by a contractor familiar with the Project and 
exercising the care, skill, and diligence required of the Contractor by the Contract 
Documents. The Contractor shall not have liability for errors or omissions in the design 
prepared by the Architect; however, the Contractor shall have a duty to notify Owner and 
Architect in writing of errors and omissions contained in the Contract Documents that a 
reasonably prudent Contractor would have discovered in exercising care, skill and 
diligence in performing the Work and shall be liable for any damages arising out of, 
resulting from or caused, in whole or in part, thereby. 
§1.1.5.20  The terms “Lien”, “Lien Claim” or “Mechanics Lien” shall mean a legal claim 
to obtain a lien or security interest against real property because of nonpayment for labor, 
services, or material supplied for a work of improvement upon the property. 
§1.1.5.21  The term “Notice to Proceed” shall mean the written notice from the Owner to 
the Contractor, authorizing the Contractor to commence performance of the Work. 
§1.1.5.22  The term “Project Manual” shall mean the volume assembled for the Work 
which may include the bidding requirements, sample forms, Conditions of the Contract 
and/or Specifications. 


===== PAGE 25 =====
 
Initials ___/___ 
 
 
§1.1.5.23  The term “Punch List” shall mean those items of Work to be completed after 
Substantial Completion of the Project and prior to Final Completion so that the Work will 
be in full conformity with the Contract Documents, and which do not prevent or limit the 
Project from being used for the purpose for which it is intended, do not impact the life or 
safety of the Project users or the public, and do not prevent the issuance of a permanent 
certificate of occupancy from the applicable Governmental Authorities.  
§1.1.5.24  The term “Schedule of Values” shall mean a listing of the major elements of 
the Work as defined in the Contract and the value of each broken down in sufficient 
detail to allow a third party to ascertain the value of the relative portions of the Work. 
 
§1.1.5.25  The term “Separate Contractors” shall mean those individuals or entities who 
have entered into separate agreements with or who have otherwise been engaged by 
Owner or the Owner’s representatives for the provision of services, labor, material, 
equipment or other work in connection with the Project. 
§1.1.5.26  The term “Specifications” shall mean that portion of the Contract Documents 
consisting of the written requirements for materials, equipment, systems, standards and 
workmanship for the Work, and performance of related services. 
§1.1.5.27  The term “Subcontractor” or “Subcontractors” shall mean a person or entity, 
including a consultant, who has a contract, agreement, purchase order or work 
authorization with the Contractor to perform a portion of the Work or to supply any 
equipment, materials or services relating to the Work.  The term “Subcontractor” or 
“Subcontractors” shall be deemed to include all subcontractors and sub-subcontractors of 
any tier. 
§1.1.5.28  The term “Submittals” shall mean collectively, all sketches, detail drawings, 
shop fabricating drawings, shop detail drawings, erection diagrams, setting out or layout 
drawings, catalog cuts, samples, schedules, calculations, manufacturer’s printed 
instructions when required, etc., and any other drawings of any kind as may be required 
by the Specifications, good practice, or as may be required in amplification of the 
Contract Documents. 
 
§1.1.5.29  The term “Substantial Completion” shall mean the stage where the Work is 
sufficiently complete in accordance with the Contract Documents so Owner can occupy 
or utilize the Project for the purpose for which it is intended, and as further defined in 
Section 9.8 of the General Conditions. 
 
§ 1.2 CORRELATION AND INTENT OF THE CONTRACT DOCUMENTS 
§ 1.2.1 The intent of the Contract Documents is to include all items necessary for the 
proper execution and completion of the Work by the Contractor. The Contract 
Documents are complementary, and what is required by one shall be as binding as if 
required by all; performance by the Contractor shall be required only to the extent 
consistent with the Contract Documents and reasonably inferable from them as being 
necessary to produce the indicated results. 


===== PAGE 26 =====
 
Initials ___/___ 
 
 
§ 1.2.2 Organization of the Specifications into divisions, sections and articles, and 
arrangement of Drawings shall not control the Contractor in dividing the Work among 
Subcontractors or in establishing the extent of Work to be performed by any trade. 
 
§ 1.2.3 Unless otherwise stated in the Contract Documents, words which have well-
known technical or construction industry meanings are used in the Contract Documents 
in accordance with such recognized meanings. 
 
§ 1.2.4 All work mentioned or indicated in the Contract Documents shall be performed 
by the Contractor as part of this Contract unless the Contract Documents specifically 
indicate that such work is to be done by others. 
 
§ 1.2.5 The Contractor and all Subcontractors shall refer to all of the Drawings, including 
those showing primarily the work of the mechanical, electrical and other specialized 
trades, and all of the Sections of the Specifications, and shall perform all work reasonably 
inferable therefrom as being necessary to produce the indicated results. 
 
§ 1.2.6 All indications of notations which apply to one of a number of similar situations, 
materials or processes shall be deemed to apply to all such situations, materials or 
processes wherever they appear in the Work, except where a contrary result is clearly 
indicated by the Contract Documents.   
 
§ 1.2.7 It shall be the responsibility of the Contractor to identify, quantify and present a 
report to the Owner identifying items of omission and/or incomplete scope which it 
discovers in the Contract Documents.  Contractor shall endeavor to complete its review 
within forty-five (45) days of the issuance of the construction set documents to determine 
whether there are any items of omission and/or incomplete scope in the Contract 
Documents and so report to the Owner.   
 
§ 1.2.8 Where codes, standards, requirements and publications of public and private 
bodies are referred to in the Specifications, Drawings or other Contract Documents, 
references shall be understood to be the latest revision as of the date of the issuance of 
such documents, except where otherwise indicated. 
 
§ 1.2.9 Where no explicit quality or standards for materials or workmanship are 
established for work, such work is to be of good quality for the intended use and 
consistent with the quality of the surrounding work and of the construction of the Project 
generally. 
 
§ 1.2.10 All manufactured articles, materials, and equipment shall be applied, installed, 
connected, erected, used, cleaned and conditioned in accordance with the manufacturer’s 
written or printed directions and instructions unless otherwise indicated in the Contract 
Documents. 
 


===== PAGE 27 =====
 
Initials ___/___ 
 
§ 1.2.11 The Mechanical and Electrical Drawings are not intended to show the exact 
physical locations or configurations of work within the design locations and space.  Such 
work shall be installed to clear all obstructions, permit proper clearances for the work of 
other trades, and present an orderly appearance where exposed.  Exact locations of 
fixtures and outlets shall be directed by the Architect. Contractor shall use its best efforts 
to coordinate installations to minimize impacts to Project costs and the Contract 
Schedule. If impacts to Project costs or the Contract Schedule occur beyond the control 
of, or which could not be reasonably avoided by, the Contractor, Contractor may submit a 
request for a change order under Article 7. 
 
§ 1.2.12  Deleted. 
 
§ 1.2.13   Whenever a product is specified in accordance with a Federal Specification, an 
ASTM standard, an American National Standards Institute Specification, or other 
Association Standard, the Contractor shall comply fully with such specifications and 
standards and, when requested by the Owner or the Architect or required in the Project 
Specifications, present an affidavit from the manufacturer certifying compliance with the 
specifications and standards. When requested by the Owner or the Architect, or required 
in the Project Specifications, the Contractor shall submit support test data to substantiate 
compliance. Failure of the Owner or the Architect to request such an affidavit shall not 
negate the Contractor’s obligation to fully comply with this Section or any part of the 
Contract Documents. 
 
§ 1.2.14 Whenever a product is specified or shown by describing proprietary items, 
model numbers, catalog numbers, manufacturer, trade names, or similar reference, no 
substitutions may be made unless accepted prior to execution of the Contract and listed in 
the Qualifications and Assumptions of the Agreement, or if accepted as a Change in the 
Work in accordance with Subparagraphs 3.5.4 to 3.5.6 herein. 
 
§ 1.3 CAPITALIZATION 
§ 1.3.1 Terms capitalized in these General Conditions include those which are (1) 
specifically defined, (2) the titles of numbered articles or (3) the titles of other documents 
published by the American Institute of Architects. 
 
§ 1.4 INTERPRETATION 
§ 1.4.1 In the interest of brevity the Contract Documents frequently omit modifying 
words such as "all" and "any" and articles such as "the" and "an," but the fact that a 
modifier or an article is absent from one statement and appears in another is not intended 
to affect the interpretation of either statement. 
 
§ 1.5 EXECUTION OF CONTRACT DOCUMENTS 
§ 1.5.1 The Contract Documents shall be signed by the Owner and Contractor. If either 
the Owner or Contractor or both do not sign all the Contract Documents, the Architect 
shall identify such unsigned Documents upon request. 
  


===== PAGE 28 =====
 
Initials ___/___ 
 
§ 1.5.2  By executing this Contract, the Contractor represents and warrants that he has 
visited and examined the site and has fully acquainted himself with the type and location 
of the Work and the conditions and facilities that may affect the Work, including without 
limitation those conditions relating to and that may affect: the transportation, handling, 
delivery and storage of materials; the availability of labor; the availability of water and 
electricity; the availability, condition and use of roadways and other access to the Work; 
weather conditions; the type and location of surface and subsurface utility lines at the 
Project site and those adjacent to the Project site; other contracts to be entered into by the 
Owner relating to the Project that may affect the Work and require coordination and 
scheduling efforts by the Contractor; and the type, availability and storage of equipment 
for use in performing the Work.  The Contractor is not required to ascertain that the 
Contract Documents are in accordance with applicable laws, statutes, ordinances, codes, 
rules and regulations, or lawful orders of public authorities, but the Contractor shall 
promptly report to the Architect any nonconformity discovered by or made known to the 
Contractor as a request for information in such form as the Architect may require. The 
Contractor shall determine and fully acquaint himself with all regulations. Codes 
ordinances, and provisions, of law pertaining to the performance of the Work that affect 
the Work. The Owner assumes no responsibility or liability for the physical condition or 
safety of the Project site or any improvements located on the Project site. Except as set 
forth in Paragraph 10.3, the Contractor shall be solely responsible for providing a safe 
project site and safe place for the performance of the Work.  The Owner shall not be 
required to make any adjustment in either the Contract Sum or the Contract Time in 
connection with any failure by the Contractor or any Subcontractor to have complied 
with the requirements of this Subparagraph 1.5.2. 
 
§ 1.6 OWNERSHIP AND USE OF DRAWINGS, SPECIFICATIONS  
AND OTHER INSTRUMENTS OF SERVICE 
§ 1.6.1 The Drawings, Specifications and other documents, including those in electronic 
form, prepared by the Architect and the Architect's consultants are Instruments of Service 
through which the Work to be executed by the Contractor is described. The Contractor 
may retain one record set. Neither the Contractor nor any Subcontractor, Sub-
subcontractor or material or equipment supplier shall own or claim a copyright in the 
Drawings, Specifications and other documents prepared by the Architect or the 
Architect's consultants, and unless otherwise indicated, the Architect and the Architect's 
consultants shall be deemed the authors of them and will retain all common law, statutory 
and other reserved rights, in addition to the copyrights. All copies of Instruments of 
Service, except the Contractor's record set, shall be returned or suitably accounted for to 
the Architect, on request, upon completion of the Work. The Drawings, Specifications 
and other documents prepared by the Architect and the Architect's consultants, and copies 
thereof furnished to the Contractor, are for use solely with respect to this Project. They 
are not to be used by the Contractor or any Subcontractor, Sub-subcontractor or material 
or equipment supplier on other projects or for additions to this Project outside the scope 
of the Work without the specific written consent of the Owner, Architect and the 
Architect's consultants. The Contractor, Subcontractors, Sub-subcontractors and material 
or equipment suppliers are authorized to use and reproduce applicable portions of the 
Drawings, Specifications and other documents prepared by the Architect and the 


===== PAGE 29 =====
 
Initials ___/___ 
 
Architect's consultants appropriate to and for use in the execution of their Work under the 
Contract Documents. All copies made under this authorization shall bear the statutory 
copyright notice, if any, shown on the Drawings, Specifications and other documents 
prepared by the Architect and the Architect's consultants. Submittal or distribution to 
meet official regulatory requirements or for other purposes in connection with this Project 
is not to be construed as publication in derogation of the Architect's or Architect's 
consultants' copyrights or other reserved rights.  The Architect, for use by the Contractor 
and its Subcontractors, will make C.A.D. files available, to the extent reasonably 
possible. 
 
§ 1.6.2 If the Drawings, Specifications, design scheme, or other part of the Contract 
Documents are used by the Contractor, its Subcontractors, suppliers, or materialmen at 
any tier level, in violation of Subparagraph 1.6.1, such a violation shall constitute a 
material breach of Contract for which the Owner and/or Architect are entitled to 
damages. 
 
ARTICLE 2   OWNER 
§ 2.1 GENERAL 
§ 2.1.1 The Owner is the person or entity identified as such in the Agreement and is 
referred to throughout the Contract Documents as if singular in number. The Owner shall 
designate in writing a representative who shall have express authority to bind the Owner 
with respect to all matters requiring the Owner's approval or authorization. Except as 
otherwise provided in § 4.2.1, the Architect does not have such authority to bind the 
Owner.  The term "Owner" means the Owner or the Owner's authorized representative(s). 
 
§ 2.2 INFORMATION AND SERVICES REQUIRED OF THE OWNER 
§ 2.2.1 The Owner shall, at the written request of the Contractor, prior to commencement 
of the Work and thereafter, furnish to the Contractor reasonable evidence that financial 
arrangements have been made to fulfill the Owner's obligations under the Contract. 
Furnishing of such evidence shall be a condition precedent to commencement or 
continuation of the Work.  
 
§ 2.2.2 Except for permits and fees, including those required under § 3.7.1, which are the 
responsibility of the Contractor under the Contract Documents, the Owner shall secure 
and pay for necessary plan check approvals and easements. 
 
§ 2.2.3 The Owner shall furnish site surveys describing physical characteristics, legal 
limitations and utility locations for the site of the Project, and a legal description of the 
site. The Contractor shall be entitled to rely on the accuracy of such survey information 
furnished by the Owner but shall exercise proper precautions relating to the safe 
performance of the Work. 
 
§ 2.2.4 Information or services required of the Owner by the Contract Documents shall be 
furnished by the Owner with reasonable promptness after receipt from the Contractor of a 
written request for such information or services. Any other information or services 
relevant to the Contractor's performance of the Work under the Owner's control shall be 


===== PAGE 30 =====
Initials ___/___ 
 
furnished by the Owner after receipt from the Contractor of a written request for such 
information or services. 
§ 2.2.5 Unless otherwise provided in the Contract Documents, the Contractor will be
furnished, free of charge, one set of Contract Drawings and Project Manuals.
§ 2.3 OWNER'S RIGHT TO STOP THE WORK
§ 2.3.1 If the Contractor fails to correct Work which is not in accordance with the
requirements of the Contract Documents as required by § 12.2 or persistently fails to
carry out Work in accordance with the Contract Documents, the Owner may issue a
written order to the Contractor to stop the Work, or any portion thereof, until the cause
for such order has been eliminated; however, the right of the Owner to stop the Work
shall not give rise to a duty on the part of the Owner to exercise this right for the benefit
of the Contractor or any other person or entity.  This right shall be in addition to, and not
in restriction of, the Owner’s rights as otherwise set forth in  the Contract Documents.
The Owner’s right to stop the Work shall not relieve Contractor of any of its
responsibilities or obligations under or pursuant to the Contract Documents.
§ 2.4 OWNER'S RIGHT TO CARRY OUT THE WORK
§ 2.4.1 If the Contractor defaults or neglects to carry out the Work in accordance with the
Contract Documents and fails within a seven-day period after receipt of written notice
from the Owner to commence and continue correction of such default or neglect with
diligence and promptness, the Owner may, without prejudice to other remedies the
Owner may have against the Contractor, correct such deficiencies.   In the event that the
Owner, in its sole discretion, determines that such deficiency is considered a “life safety
event,” hazard, emergency or for any other reason needs to be corrected immediately, the
Owner may correct such deficiency immediately, without giving written or verbal notice
to the Contractor.  In such cases, an appropriate Change Order shall be issued deducting
from payments then or thereafter due the Contractor the costs of correcting such
deficiencies, including Owner's expenses and compensation for the Architect's additional
services made necessary by such default, neglect or failure. If payments then or thereafter
due the Contractor are not sufficient to cover such amounts, the Contractor shall pay the
difference to the Owner.
ARTICLE 3   CONTRACTOR 
§ 3.1 GENERAL
§ 3.1.1 The Contractor is the person or entity identified as such in the Agreement and is
referred to throughout the Contract Documents as if singular in number. The term
"Contractor" means the Contractor or the Contractor's authorized representative.
§ 3.1.2 The Contractor shall perform the Work in accordance with the Contract
Documents.
§ 3.1.3 The Contractor shall not be relieved of obligations to perform the Work in
accordance with the Contract Documents either by activities or duties of the Architect in


===== PAGE 31 =====
 
Initials ___/___ 
 
the Architect's administration of the Contract, or by tests, inspections or approvals 
required or performed by persons other than the Contractor.  
 
§ 3.1.4 The Contractor accepts the relationship of trust and confidence established 
between the Contractor and the Owner by the Agreement and the Conditions of the 
Agreement. Contractor covenants with the Owner to furnish its best skill and judgment, 
to cooperate with the Architect in furthering the interests of the Owner, to furnish 
efficient business administration and superintendence, to use its best efforts to furnish at 
all times an adequate supply of workmen and materials, and to perform the Work in 
accordance with the Contract Documents. 
 
§ 3.2 REVIEW OF CONTRACT DOCUMENTS AND FIELD CONDITIONS 
BY CONTRACTOR 
 
§ 3.2.1 Since the Contract Documents are complementary, in order to facilitate 
coordination and construction and not in the role of a design professional, engineer, peer 
reviewer, or for the express purpose of finding errors and omission in the Drawings and 
Contract Documents, before starting the Work and each portion of the Work, the 
Contractor shall carefully study and compare the various Drawings and other Contract 
Documents relative to that portion of the Work, as well as the information furnished by 
the Owner pursuant to § 2.2.3, shall take field measurements of any existing conditions 
related to that portion of the Work and shall observe any conditions at the site affecting it. 
The Contractor shall immediately report to the Owner and the Architect, in writing, any 
error, inconsistency, omission or problem with any construction feasibility it discovers. 
Any necessary change shall be ordered in accordance with Article 7, subject to the 
requirements of the provisions of the Contract Documents. If the Contractor proceeds 
with work without such notice to the Architect and the Owner, having discovered such 
errors, inconsistencies or problems with construction feasibility, or if by such reasonable 
study of the site and the Contract Documents he should have discovered such, the 
Contractor shall bear all costs that would have been avoided by not performing the 
obligations in this article.   
 
§ 3.2.2 If the Contractor believes that additional cost or time is involved because of 
clarifications or instructions issued by the Architect in response to the Contractor's 
notices or requests for information pursuant to § 3.2.1, the Contractor shall make Claims 
as provided in § 4.3.6 and § 4.3.7. If the Contractor fails to perform the obligations of § 
3.2.1, the Contractor shall pay such costs and damages to the Owner as would have been 
avoided if the Contractor had performed such obligations.  
 
§ 3.2.3 The Contractor shall give the Architect and the Owner timely written notice of 
any additional design drawings, specifications, or instructions which are required to 
define the Work in greater detail, or to permit the proper progress of the Work. 
 
§ 3.2.4 The Contractor shall not proceed with any Work not clearly and consistently 
defined in the Contract Documents, but shall request additional drawings or instructions 
from the Architect and Owner as provided in subparagraph 3.2.3. If the Contractor 


===== PAGE 32 =====
 
Initials ___/___ 
 
proceeds with such Work without obtaining further drawings or instructions, he shall 
correct Work incorrectly done at his own expense and waives any rights to recovery. 
 
§ 3.3 SUPERVISION AND CONSTRUCTION PROCEDURES 
§ 3.3.1 The Contractor shall supervise and direct the Work, using the Contractor's best 
skill and attention. The Contractor shall be solely responsible for and have control over 
construction means, methods, techniques, sequences and procedures and for coordinating 
all portions of the Work under the Contract, unless the Contract Documents give other 
specific instructions concerning these matters. Except as otherwise provided herein, the 
Contractor shall be responsible for the methods, techniques, sequences or procedures 
employed by him (including all loss, damage, liability or cost of correcting defective 
work arising therefrom) if the same are not required by the Contract Documents. 
   
§ 3.3.1.1 Where the Contract Documents refer to particular construction means, methods, 
techniques, sequences or procedures or indicate or imply that such are to be used in the 
Work, the Contractor shall review the same carefully and shall advise the Owner and the 
Architect in writing if he determines that the same may not be safely and suitably 
employed on the Work, specifying the actual methods, techniques, sequences and 
procedures in the notice. The Contractor shall be responsible for any loss, liability, cost 
or damage if it fails to use diligence in timely reviewing the prescribed or implied means, 
methods, techniques or procedures, or proceeds with such means, methods, techniques or 
procedures without providing the required notice to the Architect or Owner. The 
Contractor shall not proceed with the Work using such means, methods, techniques, 
sequences or procedures without further written instructions from the Architect.  
 
§ 3.3.2 The Contractor shall be responsible to the Owner for acts and omissions of the 
Contractor's employees, Subcontractors and their agents and employees, and all other 
persons or entities performing or supplying the Work for or on behalf of the Contractor or 
any of its Subcontractors and for any damages, losses, costs and expenses, including, but 
not limited to, attorneys’ fees, resulting from such acts and omissions.  The Contractor 
shall use standards of care required of a reasonably prudent contractor or as otherwise 
called for in the Contract Documents to coordinate and supervise the Work performed by 
Subcontractors so that the Work is carried out without conflict between trades and so that 
no trade, at any time, causes delay to the general progress of the Work. The Contractor 
and all Subcontractors shall at all times afford each trade, any separate contractor, or the 
Owner every reasonable opportunity for the installation of work and storage of materials. 
 
§ 3.3.3 The Contractor shall be responsible for inspection of portions of Work already 
performed to determine that such portions are in proper condition to receive subsequent 
Work. The Contractor shall be responsible for scheduling and coordinating all tests and 
inspections of the Work, and shall be fully responsible for advising the Owner and the 
Architect, and any other entity, of the date and time of such testing or inspection, if their 
presence or observance is required at such testing or inspection. The Contractor shall be 
fully responsible for providing the testing or inspection entity with copies of or access to 
the most up-to-date and complete Contract Documents specifying the type or quality of 
the portion of the Work being tested. 


===== PAGE 33 =====
 
Initials ___/___ 
 
 
§ 3.3.4 The Contractor shall arrange for and attend job meetings with the Architect and 
the Owner’s representative and such other persons as the Owner may from time to time 
wish to have present. The Contractor shall designate a representative in the form of a 
principal, project manager, general superintendent or other authorized main office 
representative to attend such meetings. An authorized representative of a Subcontractor 
shall attend such meetings if the presence is requested by the Owner. Such 
representatives of Contractor and Subcontractors shall be empowered to make binding 
commitments on all matters to be discussed at such meetings. Any notices required under 
the Contract may be served in writing at such meetings. Contractor shall record and 
distribute minutes of these meetings to all attendees, and shall maintain a record copy set 
of all such meeting minutes.  
 
§ 3.3.5 Contractor shall prepare a written safety program to govern all activity on the site 
and shall display the safety program in a conspicuous space available and accessible to 
any person performing work or providing materials at the site. 
 
§ 3.3.6 The Contractor shall retain a competent Registered Professional Engineer or 
Registered Land Surveyor, who shall establish the exterior line and required elevations of 
all buildings, site work, and structures included in the Work. The Registered Engineer or 
Land Surveyor shall certify as to the actual location of the constructed facilities in 
relations to property lines, buildings lines, easements, and other restrictive boundaries.  
Such obligation under this section shall not include an ALTA survey or special survey 
requirements stipulated by any governmental body.  
 
§ 3.4 LABOR AND MATERIALS 
§ 3.4.1 Unless otherwise provided in the Contract Documents, the Contractor shall 
provide and pay for labor, materials, equipment, tools, construction equipment and 
machinery, water, heat, utilities, transportation, and other facilities and services necessary 
for proper execution and completion of the Work, whether temporary or permanent and 
whether or not incorporated or to be incorporated in the Work. The word “provide” shall 
mean furnish and install complete, including connections, unless otherwise specified. 
 
§ 3.4.2 The Contractor may make substitutions only with the express written consent of 
the Owner, after evaluation by the Architect and in accordance with a Change Order. 
 
§ 3.4.3 The Contractor shall enforce strict discipline and good order among the 
Contractor's employees and other persons carrying out the Contract. The Contractor shall 
not permit employment of unfit persons or persons not skilled in tasks assigned to them, 
and shall replace persons who cause disruption to the progress of the Work at no cost to 
the Owner. 
 
§ 3.4.4 The Contractor shall also use commercially reasonable efforts to minimize the 
likelihood of any strike, work stoppage, or other labor disturbance, except for area-wide 
or national strikes or other labor actions not directed at Contractor or within Contractor’s 
reasonable control. 


===== PAGE 34 =====
 
Initials ___/___ 
 
 
.1 If the Work is to be performed by trade unions, the Contractor shall make all 
necessary arrangements to reconcile, without delay, damage, or cost to the Owner 
and without recourse to the Architect or the Owner, any conflict between the 
Contract Documents and any agreements or regulations of any kind at any time in 
force among members or councils that regulate or distinguish the activities that 
shall not be included in the work of any particular trade. 
 
.2 In case the progress of the Work is affected by any undue delay in furnishing or 
installing any items or materials or equipment required under the Contract 
Documents because of such conflict involving any such labor agreement or 
regulation, the Owner may require that other material or equipment of equal kind 
and quality be provided pursuant to a Change Order or Construction Change 
Directive.   
 
As requested by Contractor, Owner shall reasonably cooperate with Contractor with 
respect to union activity.  
 
§ 3.5 WARRANTY 
§ 3.5.1 The Contractor warrants to the Owner that materials and equipment furnished 
under the Contract will be of good quality and new unless otherwise required or 
permitted by the Contract Documents, that the Work will be free from defects not 
inherent in the quality required or permitted, and that the Work will conform to the 
requirements of the Contract Documents. Work not conforming to these requirements, 
including substitutions not properly approved and authorized, shall be considered 
defective.  The Contractor's warranty excludes remedy for damage or defect caused by 
abuse, modifications not executed by the Contractor, improper or insufficient 
maintenance, improper operation, or normal wear and tear and normal usage. If required 
by the Architect, the Contractor shall furnish satisfactory evidence as to the kind and 
quality of materials and equipment. 
 
§ 3.5.2 Contractor shall be responsible for determining that all materials and labor 
furnished by Contractor or its Subcontractors (of any tier), suppliers or materialmen for 
the Work meet all requirements of the Contract Documents. The Architect may require 
the Contractor to produce reasonable evidence that a material meets such requirements, 
such as certified reports of passed test by qualified experts, or other evidence which in the 
opinion of the Architect, would lead to a reasonable certainty that any material used, or 
proposed to be used, in the Work meets the requirements of the Contract Documents. All 
such data shall be furnished at the Contractor’s expense as a cost of the Work. 
 
§ 3.5.3 In all cases in which a manufacturer’s name, trade name or other proprietary 
designation is used in connection with materials or articles to be furnished under the 
Contract, whether or not the phrase “or equal” is used after such name, the Contractor 
shall furnish to the extent possible the product of the named manufacturer(s) without 
substitution, unless a written request for a substitute has been submitted by the Contractor 
and approved in writing by the Architect and Owner as provided in Subparagraph 3.5.4. 


===== PAGE 35 =====
 
Initials ___/___ 
 
The Owner makes no warranty as to availability, availability at a particular time, or 
obtainable price for any material or articles to be furnished under this Contract by 
Contractor and it is the Contractor’s sole responsibility to procure all such Contractor 
provided materials and articles in a timely manner so as not to delay the Work.  
 
§ 3.5.4 If the Contractor proposes to use a material which, while suitable for the intended 
use, deviates in any way from the detailed requirements of the Contract Documents, he 
shall inform the Architect and the Owner in writing of the nature of such deviation at the 
time the material is submitted for approval, and shall request written approval of the 
deviation from the requirements of the Contract Documents.   
 
§ 3.5.5  In requesting approval of deviations or substitutions, the Contractor shall 
provide, upon request, evidence leading to a reasonable certainty that the proposed 
substitution or deviation (separate and distinct from Value Engineering) will provide a 
quality of result at least equal to that otherwise attainable. If, in the opinion of the 
Architect or the Owner, the evidence presented by the Contractor does not provide a 
sufficient basis for certainty, the Architect or the Owner may reject such substitution or 
deviation without further investigation.  In the event a deviation or substitution is 
approved which requires deviations in related Work, such as partitions, foundations, 
wiring, ductwork, piping, etc., the Contractor shall be responsible at its expense for 
preparing and submitting new drawings and detailing to the Architect for approval and 
for performing any additional work and supplying any additional materials required as a 
result of such substitution or deviation, at no cost to Owner and without delay to the 
Project, unless the Owner and/or Architect is the sole cause of the deviation and/or 
substitution. Approval of a substitution request does not in any way relieve the Contractor 
from liability for failure to comply with the Contract Documents. Architect, similar to 
Architect Supplemental Instructions, has a responsibility to review and properly 
incorporate Architect/Owner-requested Substitutions into the design.  
 
§ 3.5.6 The Contract Documents are intended to produce a Project of consistent character 
and quality of design. All components of any building including visible items of 
mechanical and electrical equipment have been selected to have a coordinated design in 
relation to the overall appearance of the building. The Architect shall judge the design 
and appearance of proposed Contractor substitutes on the basis of their suitability in 
relation to the overall design of the Project, as well as for their intrinsic merits. The 
Architect will not approve as equal to materials specified any Contractor proposed 
substitutes which, in its opinion, would be out of character, obtrusive, or otherwise 
inconsistent with the overall character or quality of design of the Project. In order to 
permit a coordinated design of color and finishes the Contractor shall, if required by the 
Architect, furnish the substituted material in any color, finish texture, or pattern which 
would have been available from the manufacturer originally specified, regardless of 
whether this is a custom color or profile in the opinion of the substitute supplier, at no 
additional cost to the Owner. 
 


===== PAGE 36 =====
 
Initials ___/___ 
 
§ 3.5.7 Any additional cost, or any loss, impact or damage arising from the substitution of 
any material or any method by Contractor from those originally specified, and not 
formally accepted by the Owner/Architect, shall be borne by the Contractor.  
 
§ 3.5.8 The warranty provided by the Contractor in this Paragraph 3.5 shall be in addition 
to and not in limitation of any other warranty required by the Contract Documents or 
otherwise prescribed by law. 
 
§ 3.5.9 The Contractor shall procure and deliver to the Architect, no later than the date 
claimed by the Contractor as the date of Substantial Completion of the Work, all special 
warranties required by the Contract Documents. Delivery by the Contractor shall 
constitute the Contractor’s guarantee to the Owner that the warranty will be performed in 
accordance with its terms and conditions. All warranties applicable to the Work begin as 
of the date of Substantial Completion of the Work. 
 
§ 3.5.10 The Contractor agrees to assign to the Owner at the time of Substantial 
Completion of the Project Work any and all manufacturer’s warranties relating to 
materials and labor used in the Work and, to the extent not otherwise required by the 
Contract Documents, further agrees to perform the Work in such manner so as to 
preserve any and all such manufacturer’s warranties.  Such assignment does not relieve 
the Contractor of its responsibility to correct all work during the warranty period. 
 
§ 3.5.11 The Contractor warrants that all manufacturers’ or other warranties on all 
materials and equipment furnished by the Contractor shall run directly to or be 
specifically assigned to the Owner on demand or upon final completion of the Project. 
 
§ 3.6 TAXES 
§ 3.6.1 The Contractor shall pay sales, consumer, use and similar taxes for the Work 
provided by the Contractor which are legally enacted when the Contract is executed, 
whether or not yet effective or merely scheduled to go into effect. 
 
§ 3.7 PERMITS, FEES AND NOTICES 
§ 3.7.1 Unless otherwise provided in the Contract Documents, the Contractor shall secure 
(and the Owner shall pay for) the building permit and other permits and governmental 
fees, including utility connection fees, licenses and inspections necessary for proper 
execution and completion of the Work which are customarily secured after execution of 
the Contract and which are legally required when bids are received and/or negotiations 
concluded. The Contractor shall secure and pay for all trade permits, registrations, and 
associated fees related to building permit procurement.  
 
§ 3.7.2 The Contractor shall comply with and give notices required by laws, ordinances, 
rules, regulations and lawful orders of public authorities applicable to performance of the 
Work. 
 
§ 3.7.2.1 The Contractor shall arrange for those inspections by governmental authorities 
which are necessary for the Owner to obtain any necessary occupancy permit for the 


===== PAGE 37 =====
 
Initials ___/___ 
 
Project. The Contractor shall be responsible for scheduling and coordinating all such 
inspections of the Work, and shall be fully responsible for advising the Owner and the 
Architect, and any other entity, of the date and time of such testing or inspection, if their 
presence or observance is required at such testing or inspection.  
 
§ 3.7.3 It is not the Contractor's responsibility to ascertain that the Contract Documents 
are in accordance with applicable laws, statutes, ordinances, building codes, and rules and 
regulations, except to the extent such laws, statutes, ordinances, building codes and rules 
and regulations bear upon the performance of the Work by Contractor. If the Contractor 
observes that portions of the Contract Documents are at variance therewith, the 
Contractor shall promptly notify the Architect and Owner in writing, and necessary 
changes shall be accomplished by appropriate Modification. 
  
§ 3.7.4 If the Contractor performs Work knowing (or should have known through the 
exercise of skill, care and diligence in accordance with the applicable industry standard) 
it to be contrary to laws, statutes, ordinances, building codes, and rules and regulations 
without such notice (in Article 3.7.3) to the Architect and Owner, the Contractor shall 
assume appropriate responsibility for such Work and shall bear the costs attributable to 
correction. The Contractor shall act in the Owner’s best interests with the local building 
inspection authorities and shall assume responsibility for and shall bear the costs 
associated with ensuring that the Work is in compliance with the local building codes 
pertaining to the performance of the Work that are in effect at the Project location.  
 
§ 3.8 ALLOWANCES 
§ 3.8.1 The Contractor shall include in the Contract Sum all allowances stated in the 
Contract Documents. Items covered by allowances shall be supplied for such amounts 
and by such persons or entities as the Owner may direct, but the Contractor shall not be 
required to employ persons or entities to whom the Contractor has reasonable objection. 
 
§ 3.8.2 Unless otherwise provided in the Contract Documents: 
.1 allowances shall cover the cost to the Contractor of materials and equipment 
delivered at the site and all required taxes, less applicable trade discounts, 
and costs for unloading and handling at the site, labor, installation costs, 
overhead, profit and other expenses contemplated for stated allowance 
amounts; 
 
.2 whenever costs are more than or less than allowances, the Contract Sum shall 
be adjusted accordingly by Change Order. The amount of the Change Order 
shall reflect (1) the difference between actual costs and the allowances under 
§ 3.8.2.1 and (2) changes in Contractor's costs under § 3.8.2.1; 
 
.3 Owner and Contractor shall use best efforts to reconcile all allowances into 
the Contract Sum via a Change Order within ninety (90) days (or when 
reasonably requested by Owner) of receipt of 100% Construction set design 
documents and specification information pertaining to the allowance, and 
prior to commencing work associated with the allowances. 
 


===== PAGE 38 =====
 
Initials ___/___ 
 
 
§ 3.8.3 Contractor shall inform Owner of the lead times for materials and equipment 
under an allowance.  Owner shall use its best efforts to select materials and equipment 
under an allowance  in sufficient time to avoid delay in the Work.   
 
§ 3.9 SUPERINTENDENT 
§ 3.9.1 The Contractor shall employ competent Superintendents and necessary Assistant 
Superintendents one of whom shall be in attendance at all times at the Project site during 
performance of the Work. The Superintendent shall represent the Contractor, and 
communications given to and from the Superintendent shall be as binding as if given to 
and from the Contractor. Important communications shall be confirmed in writing. Other 
communications shall be similarly confirmed on written request in each case. 
 
§ 3.9.2 The Contractor shall not change the Superintendent(s) or Project Manager(s) 
without the prior written consent of the Owner, which consent shall not be unreasonably 
withheld. The Superintendent(s), Project Manager(s), or any assistants employed by the 
Contractor can be removed from the Project if requested in writing by the Owner. In the 
case of such removal, the Contractor shall submit competent replacements for Owner 
approval in such time as to prevent interruption to the Work. 
 
§ 3.10 CONTRACTOR'S CONSTRUCTION SCHEDULES 
§ 3.10.1 The Contractor shall include an exhibit as part of the Contract Documents 
detailing the Critical Path Method (CPM) Contract Schedule, clearly delineating the 
Project’s critical path. This schedule shall be referred to as the “Contract Schedule” and 
may only be changed or altered by a mutually agreed upon Change Order. The Contract 
Schedule shall not exceed time limits current under the Contract Documents, shall be 
revised at appropriate intervals as required by the conditions of the Work and Project, 
shall be related to the entire Project to the extent required by the Contract Documents, 
and shall provide for expeditious and practicable execution of the Work. 
 
§ 3.10.2 The Contractor shall prepare and keep current, for the Architect's approval, a 
schedule of submittals which is coordinated with the Contractor's Construction Schedule, 
including to ensure that the critical path milestones are met, and allows the Architect 
reasonable time to review submittals. The Contractor shall maintain a Project record set 
of all submittals.  The Contractor shall regularly update the submittal schedule with 
revised submittal dates and material procurement dates that reflect the current progress of 
he Work.  Each updated submittal schedule shall be submitted to the Owner and the 
Architect for approval. If the Contractor fails to submit a submittal schedule or any 
necessary updates, the Contractor shall not be entitled to any increase in Contract Sum or 
extension of Contract Time based on the time required for review of submittals.    
 
§ 3.10.3 With each Payment Application, the Contractor shall submit an updated Contract 
Schedule for approval by the Owner and Architect. The Contractor shall perform the 
Work in accordance with the current Contract Schedule approved by the Owner and 
Architect. 
 


===== PAGE 39 =====
 
Initials ___/___ 
 
§ 3.10.4 The Contract Schedule shall be based on an orderly progression of the Work, 
allowing adequate time for each operation, and leading to Substantial Completion by the 
date(s) established in the Agreement. The Contractor must coordinate its work with the 
work of other third-party contractors. The Contract Schedule will be reviewed by the 
Owner and the Architect for compliance with the requirements of this Article and will be 
accepted by them only in the form of an approved Change Order. Schedules submitted or 
used by the Contractor that are not the current Contract Schedule accepted in an approved 
Change Order are for the sole use of the Contractor, at his risk, and do not relate to this 
Contract. Unless specifically required by law, no initial payment under this Contract shall 
be due until the Contract Schedule has been approved by the Owner and the Architect. 
 
§ 3.10.5 If the Contractor and Owner have agreed that the Contractor should be permitted 
to extend the time for completion as provided in Subparagraph 4.3.7, the calendar dates 
in the Contract Schedule shall be adjusted accordingly to retain their same relationship to 
the adjusted date of Substantial Completion, and the dollar value of work to be completed 
as the first of each month shall be adjusted pro-rata. 
 
§ 3.10.6 The Contractor shall furnish sufficient forces, plant and equipment and shall 
work such hours, including night shifts and lawful overtime operations as may be 
necessary to ensure the prosecution of the work in accordance with the Contract 
Schedule. If, in the opinion of the Owner, the contractor falls behind schedule, the 
Contractor must take such steps as may be necessary to improve his progress, and must 
submit his plans demonstrating the manner in which the desired rate of progress may be 
regained. It shall be the responsibility of the Contractor to maintain his schedule so as not 
to delay the progress of the Work or the scheduled work of other persons. If Contractor 
delays the progress of the Work, in order to regain the time lost and to maintain the 
Contract Schedule, it shall be the responsibility of the Contractor to increase the number 
of shifts, days of Work, and/or to the extent permitted by law, to institute or increase 
overtime operations, all without additional cost to the Owner in excess of the GMP. 
 
§ 3.10.7 In order to expedite the completion of the Work, the Owner, in his sole 
discretion, may direct the Contractor to increase the number of shifts, days of work, 
and/or perform overtime operations or to take such other measures as he deems necessary 
to expedite construction. Such instruction shall be in writing and signed by the Owner. 
The Contractor, however, shall not be entitled to any additional costs unless the need for 
such direction was not attributable to the actions, omissions, delays or other fault of the 
Contractor. In such an event, the Owner shall pay the Contractor the additional cost as 
mutually agreed upon in writing. If the Contractor is behind schedule due to his own 
actions, omissions, delays or other fault on its part and the Owner directs the Contractor 
to work additional shifts, overtime, expedite deliveries, supplement its forces or purchase 
additional materials or equipment in order to bring his work up to schedule, all additional 
cost in excess of the GMP shall be borne by the Contractor.  
 
§ 3.10.8  Progress of “work by Owner” shall not modify or relieve the Contractor of his 
obligation to maintain his adherence to the Contract Schedule and completion date, 


===== PAGE 40 =====
 
Initials ___/___ 
 
unless such work by Owner delays Contractor in its performance of the Work and the 
Contractor submits a Claim for such delays in accordance with the Contract Documents. 
 
§ 3.10.9 Prior to the commencement of the Work, the Contractor shall submit in writing, 
for approval by the Owner, the dates upon which each of the milestones of the Project 
must be completed in order to ensure that the Project will be timely completed. To the 
extent these milestone dates are not met due to the negligence of Contractor, the 
Contractor shall immediately submit a written recovery plan to ensure timely completion 
of the Work. Any costs associated with the aforementioned recovery plan shall be borne 
solely by the Contractor. 
 
§ 3.11 DOCUMENTS AND SAMPLES AT THE SITE 
§ 3.11.1 The Contractor shall maintain at the site for the Owner one record copy of the 
Drawings, Specifications, Addenda, Change Orders and other Modifications, in good 
order and marked currently to record field changes and selections made during 
construction, and one record copy of approved Shop Drawings, Product Data, Samples 
and similar required submittals. These shall be available to the Architect and the Owner 
during the Project, and shall be delivered to the Architect for submittal to the Owner upon 
completion of the Work. 
 
§ 3.11.1.1 Recorded changes shall, at a minimum, include architectural and structural 
changes; plumbing, heating, ventilating and air conditioning changes; electrical changes; 
and changes to site Work including grades and utilities. 
 
§ 3.11.1.2  The Contractor shall also maintain a Record set of all meeting minutes and a 
Daily Log throughout the duration of the Project.  These shall be available to the 
Architect and the Owner during the Project, and shall be delivered to the Architect for 
submittal to the Owner upon completion of the Work. 
 
§ 3.12 SHOP DRAWINGS, PRODUCT DATA AND SAMPLES 
§ 3.12.1 Shop Drawings are drawings, diagrams, schedules and other data specially 
prepared for the Work by the Contractor or a Subcontractor, Sub-subcontractor, 
manufacturer, supplier or distributor to illustrate some portion of the Work. 
 
§ 3.12.1.1 Within two (2) weeks after being awarded the Contract, Contractor is required 
to submit for the Owner and Architect’s approval a Schedule for the submission of all 
shop drawings, product data and samples required on the Project. 
 
§ 3.12.1.2 All submissions involving visible components of the Project, including 
roofing, siding, brick, paints, etc., shall be submitted within ninety (90) days of the 
Notice to Proceed as a finish materials package.   
 
§ 3.12.2 Product Data are illustrations, standard schedules, performance charts, 
instructions, brochures, diagrams and other information furnished by the Contractor to 
illustrate materials or equipment for some portion of the Work. 
 


===== PAGE 41 =====
 
Initials ___/___ 
 
§ 3.12.3 Samples are physical examples which illustrate materials, equipment or 
workmanship and establish standards by which the Work will be judged. 
 
§ 3.12.4 The purpose of Shop Drawings, Product Data, Samples and similar submittals is 
to demonstrate for those portions of the Work for which submittals are required by the 
Contract Documents the way by which the Contractor proposes to conform to the 
information given and the design concept expressed in the Contract Documents. Review 
by the Architect is subject to the limitations of § 4.2.7. Informational submittals upon 
which the Architect is not expected to take responsive action may be so identified in the 
Contract Documents. Submittals which are not required by the Contract Documents may 
be returned by the Architect without action. 
 
§ 3.12.5 The Contractor shall review for compliance with the Contract Documents, 
approve and submit to the Architect Shop Drawings, Product Data, Samples and similar 
submittals required by the Contract Documents with reasonable promptness and in such 
sequence as to cause no delay in the Work or in the activities of the Owner or of separate 
contractors. Submittals which are not marked as reviewed for compliance with the 
Contract Documents and approved by the Contractor may be returned by the Architect 
without action. 
 
§ 3.12.6  By approving and submitting Shop Drawings, Product Data, and Samples, the 
Contractor thereby represents that he has determined and verified in accordance with the 
applicable standard of care of a reasonably prudent contractor all dimensions, quantities, 
field dimensions, relations to existing structures and work, coordination with work to be 
installed later, coordination with information on previously accepted Shop Drawings, 
Product Data, or Samples and verification of compliance with all the requirements of the 
Contract Documents. The accuracy of all such information, provided it remains 
unchanged by the Architect, is the responsibility of the Contractor; said review does not 
remove or mitigate Architect’s obligation to review, approve, or coordinate with Design.   
 
§ 3.12.7 The Contractor shall perform no portion of the Work for which the Contract 
Documents require submittal and review of Shop Drawings, Product Data, Samples or 
similar submittals until the respective submittal has been approved by the Architect. 
 
§ 3.12.8 The Work shall be in accordance with approved submittals except that the 
Contractor shall not be relieved of responsibility for deviations from requirements of the 
Contract Documents by the Architect's approval of Shop Drawings, Product Data, 
Samples or similar submittals unless the Contractor has specifically informed the 
Architect in writing of such deviation at the time of submittal and (1) the Architect has 
given written approval to the specific deviation as a minor change in the Work, or (2) a 
Change Order or Construction Change Directive has been issued authorizing the 
deviation. The Contractor shall not be relieved of responsibility for errors or omissions in 
Shop Drawings, Product Data, Samples or similar submittals by the Architect's approval 
thereof. 
 


===== PAGE 42 =====
 
Initials ___/___ 
 
§ 3.12.9 The Contractor shall direct specific attention, in writing or on resubmitted Shop 
Drawings, Product Data, Samples or similar submittals, to revisions other than those 
requested by the Architect on previous submittals. In the absence of such written notice 
the Architect's approval of a resubmission shall not apply to such revisions. 
 
§ 3.12.10 The Contractor shall not be required to provide professional services which 
constitute the practice of architecture or engineering unless such services are specifically 
required by the Contract Documents for a portion of the Work or unless the Contractor 
needs to provide such services in order to carry out the Contractor's responsibilities for 
construction means, methods, techniques, sequences and procedures. The Contractor 
shall not be required to provide professional services in violation of applicable law. If 
professional design services or certifications by a design professional related to systems, 
materials or equipment are specifically required of the Contractor by the Contract 
Documents, the Owner and the Architect will specify all performance and design criteria 
that such services must satisfy. The Contractor shall cause such services or certifications 
to be provided by a properly licensed design professional, whose signature and seal shall 
appear on all drawings, calculations, specifications, certifications, Shop Drawings and 
other submittals prepared by such professional, and who shall provide evidence to the 
Owner, in the form of a Certificate of Insurance, of appropriate errors and omissions or 
other professional liability coverage prior to commencing design work. Shop Drawings 
and other submittals related to the Work designed or certified by such professional, if 
prepared by others, shall bear such professional's written approval when submitted to the 
Architect. The Owner and the Architect shall be entitled to rely upon the adequacy, 
accuracy and completeness of the services, certifications or approvals performed by such 
design professionals, provided the Owner and Architect have specified to the Contractor 
all performance and design criteria that such services must satisfy. Pursuant to this 
Subparagraph 3.12.10, the Architect will review, approve or take other appropriate action 
on submittals only for the limited purpose of checking for conformance with information 
given and the design concept expressed in the Contract Documents. The Contractor shall 
not be responsible for the adequacy of the performance or design criteria required by the 
Contract Documents. 
 
§ 3.13 USE OF SITE 
§ 3.13.1  The right of possession of the premises and the improvements made thereon by 
the Contractor shall remain at all times with the Owner. The Contractor’s right to entry 
and use thereof arises solely from the permission granted by the Owner under the 
Contract Documents. The Contractor shall confine his equipment, the storage of materials 
and the operations of his workmen to limits indicated by law, ordinances, the Contract 
Documents and permits and/or directions of the Architect and Owner and shall not 
unreasonably encumber the premises with his materials. 
 
§ 3.13.2 Only materials and equipment that are to be used directly in the Work shall be 
brought to and stored on the Project site by the Contractor. After equipment is no longer 
required for the Work, it shall be reasonably promptly removed from the Project site. 
Protection of construction materials and equipment stored at the Project site from 
weather, theft, damage, and all other adversity is the responsibility of the Contractor. 


===== PAGE 43 =====
 
Initials ___/___ 
 
However, Contractor has the right to request reimbursement for such damages to the 
extent of coverage under Owner’s Builder’s Risk Insurance, (unless otherwise purchased 
by the Contractor).  The Contractor shall ensure that the Work, at all times, is performed 
in a manner that affords reasonable access, both vehicular and pedestrian, to the site of 
the Work and all adjacent areas. The Work shall be performed, to the fullest extent 
reasonably possible, in such a manner that public areas adjacent to the site of the Work 
shall be free from all debris, building materials, and equipment likely to cause hazardous 
conditions. 
 
§ 3.13.3 Without limitation of any other provision of the Contract Documents, the 
Contractor shall refrain from interfering with the occupancy or beneficial use of any areas 
and buildings adjacent to the site of the Work. 
 
§ 3.14  CUTTING AND PATCHING 
§ 3.14.1 The Contractor shall be responsible for cutting, fitting or patching required to 
complete the Work or to make its parts fit together properly. 
 
§ 3.14.2 The Contractor shall not damage or endanger a portion of the Work or fully or 
partially completed construction of the Owner or separate contractors by cutting, patching 
or otherwise altering such construction, or by excavation. The Contractor shall not cut or 
otherwise alter such construction by the Owner or a separate contractor except with 
written consent of the Owner and of such separate contractor; such consent shall not be 
unreasonably withheld. The Contractor shall not unreasonably withhold from the Owner 
or a separate contractor the Contractor's consent to cutting or otherwise altering the 
Work.    
 
§ 3.15 CLEANING UP 
§ 3.15.1 The Contractor shall keep the premises and surrounding area free from 
accumulation of waste materials or rubbish caused by operations under the Contract 
during the course of its Work. At completion of the Work, the Contractor shall promptly 
remove from and about the Project waste materials, rubbish, the Contractor's tools, 
construction equipment, machinery and surplus materials. 
 
§ 3.15.2 If the Contractor fails to clean up as provided in the Contract Documents, the 
Owner may do so and the cost thereof shall be charged to the Contractor. 
 
§ 3.16 ACCESS TO WORK 
§ 3.16.1 The Contractor shall provide the Owner and Architect access to the Work in 
preparation and progress wherever located. 
 
§ 3.17 ROYALTIES, PATENTS AND COPYRIGHTS 
§ 3.17.1 The Contractor shall pay all royalties and license fees. The Contractor shall 
defend suits or claims for infringement of copyrights and patent rights and shall hold the 
Owner and Architect harmless from loss on account thereof, but shall not be responsible 
for such defense or loss when a particular design, process or product of a particular 
manufacturer or manufacturers is required by the Contract Documents or where the 


===== PAGE 44 =====
 
Initials ___/___ 
 
copyright violations are contained in Drawings, Specifications or other documents 
prepared by the Owner or Architect. However, if the Contractor has reason to believe that 
the required design, process or product is an infringement of a copyright or a patent, the 
Contractor shall be responsible for such loss unless such information is promptly 
furnished to the Architect. 
 
§ 3.18 INDEMNIFICATION 
§ 3.18.1 To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Contractor shall defend  (with counsel 
acceptable to the Owner  and approved by the Owner in writing ), indemnify and ho ld 
harmless the Owner, Additional Insureds and “Owner Parties” (as defined in Exhibit J to 
the Agreement  and as set forth in the Contract Documents ), Owners’ Consultants , 
Architect, Architect’s Consultants, and agents and employees of any of them from and 
against any and all claims, damages, losses a nd expenses , including but not limited to  
attorneys’ fees arising out of, relating to or resulting from: (a) performance of the Work, 
provided that such claim, damage, loss or expense is attributable to bodily injury, sickness, 
disease or death, or to injury to or destruction of tangible property (other than the Work 
itself) including loss of use resulting therefrom, but only to the extent actually or allegedly 
caused by the negligent or grossly negligent  acts or omissions of the Contractor (s), a 
Subcontractor or Sub-Subcontractor or Supplier (of any tier), anyone directly or indirectly 
employed by them or anyone for whose acts they may be liable, or the willful misconduct 
of them; or (b) any breach or failure of Contractor to comply with the terms and conditions 
of the Contract Documents, including, but not limited to, the warranties and/or guarantees 
set forth herein, regardless of whether or not such claim, damage, loss or expense is caused 
in part by a Party indemnified hereunder.  Such obligation shall not be construed to negate, 
abridge, or reduce other rights or obligations of indemnity which would otherwise exist as 
to a party or person described in this § 3.18.  
 
§ 3.18.2 In claims against any person or entity indemnified under this § 3.18 by an 
employee of the Contractor, a Subcontractor or Sub-Subcontractor (of any tier), anyone 
directly or indirectly employed by them or anyone for whose acts they may be liable, the 
indemnification obligation under § 3.18.1 shall not be limited by a limitation on amount 
or type of damages, compensation or benefits payable by or for the Contractor or a 
Subcontractor (of any tier) under workers' compensation acts, disability benefit acts or 
any other similar employee benefit acts. 
 
§ 3.18.3 The Contractor’s indemnity obligations under this Paragraph 3.18 shall also 
specifically include, without limitation, all fines, penalties, damages, liability, costs, 
expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs), 
consequential damages, punitive damages (if any) arising out of, or in connection with, 
any (i) violation of or failure to comply with any law, statute, ordinance, rule, regulation, 
code, or requirement of a public or quasi-public authority that bears upon the 
performance of the Work by the Contractor, a Subcontractor or Sub-subcontractor (of any 
tier) or any person or entity for whom either is responsible, (ii) means, methods, 
procedures, techniques, or sequences of execution or performance of the Work or failure 
to perform the Work or any part thereof, or (iii) failure to secure and pay for permits, 
fees, approvals, licenses, or inspections as required of Contractor under the Contract 


===== PAGE 45 =====
 
Initials ___/___ 
 
Documents, and/or any violation of any permit or other approval of a public authority or 
quasi-public applicable to the performance of the Work by the Contractor, a 
Subcontractor or Sub-subcontractor (of any tier), or any person or entity for whom either 
is responsible.  
 
§ 3.18.4 The Contractor shall indemnify and hold harmless all of the indemnified Owner 
Parties from and against any costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and 
court costs) incurred by any of the indemnified Owner Parties  in enforcing any of the 
Contractor’s defense, indemnity, and/or hold-harmless obligations under this Contract.  
 
§ 3.18.5  Limits of liability provided for or in any applicable insurance policy(s) provided 
by Contractor and/or its Subcontractor(s) under the Contract Documents or terms of any 
other contract or agreement shall not diminish, limit, negate, abridge, or reduce the 
Indemnification obligations contained herein. 
 
§ 3.18.6  The Contractor’s duty to defend, indemnify and hold harmless under the 
Contract Documents, including, but not limited to Article 3.18 herein shall survive the 
completion or earlier termination of this Contract. 
 
ARTICLE 4   ADMINISTRATION OF THE CONTRACT 
§ 4.1 ARCHITECT 
§ 4.1.1 The Architect is the person lawfully licensed to practice architecture or an entity 
lawfully practicing architecture identified as such in the Agreement and is referred to 
throughout the Contract Documents as if singular in number. The term "Architect" means 
the Architect or the Architect's authorized representative. 
 
§ 4.1.2  Duties, responsibilities and limitations of authority of the Architect as set forth in 
the Contract Documents shall not be restricted, modified or extended without written 
consent of the Owner, Contractor and Architect. Consent shall not be unreasonably 
withheld. 
 
§ 4.1.3  If the employment of the Architect is terminated, the Owner shall employ a new 
Architect against whom the Contractor has no reasonable objection and whose status 
under the Contract Documents shall be that of the former Architect. 
 
§ 4.2 ARCHITECT'S ADMINISTRATION OF THE CONTRACT 
§ 4.2.1 The Architect will provide administration of the Contract as described in the 
Contract Documents, and will be an Owner's representative (1) during construction, (2) 
until final payment is due and (3) with the Owner's concurrence, from time to time during 
the one-year period for correction of Work described in § 12.2. The Architect will have 
authority to act on behalf of the Owner only to the extent provided in the Contract 
Documents, unless otherwise modified in writing in accordance with other provisions of 
the Contract. 
 
§ 4.2.2 The Architect, as a representative of the Owner, will visit the site at intervals 
appropriate to the stage of the Contractor's operations (1) to become generally familiar 


===== PAGE 46 =====
 
Initials ___/___ 
 
with and to keep the Owner informed about the progress and quality of the portion of the 
Work completed, (2) to endeavor to guard the Owner against defects and deficiencies in 
the Work, and (3) to determine in general if the Work is being performed in a manner 
indicating that the Work, when fully completed, will be in accordance with the Contract 
Documents. However, the Architect will not be required to make exhaustive or 
continuous on-site inspections to check the quality or quantity of the Work. The Architect 
will neither have control over or charge of, nor be responsible for, the construction 
means, methods, techniques, sequences or procedures, or for the safety precautions and 
programs in connection with the Work, since these are solely the Contractor's rights and 
responsibilities under the Contract Documents, except as provided in § 3.3.1. 
 
§ 4.2.3 The Architect will not be responsible for the Contractor's failure to perform the 
Work in accordance with the requirements of the Contract Documents. The Architect will 
not have control over or charge of and will not be responsible for acts or omissions of the 
Contractor, Subcontractors, or their agents or employees, or any other persons or entities 
performing portions of the Work. 
 
§ 4.2.4 Communications Facilitating Contract Administration.  Except as otherwise 
provided in the Contract Documents or when direct communications have been specially 
authorized, the Owner and Contractor shall endeavor to communicate with each other and 
with the Architect, as appropriate, about matters arising out of or relating to the Contract. 
Communications by and with the Architect's consultants shall be through the Architect. 
Communications by and with Subcontractors and material suppliers shall be through the 
Contractor. Communications by and with separate contractors shall be through the 
Owner. 
 
§ 4.2.5 Based on the Architect's evaluations of the Contractor's Applications for Payment, 
the Architect will review and certify the amounts due the Contractor and will issue 
Certificates for Payment in such amounts. 
 
§ 4.2.6 The Architect will have authority to reject Work that does not conform to the 
Contract Documents. Whenever the Architect considers it necessary or advisable, the 
Architect will have authority to require inspection or testing of the Work in accordance 
with §§ 13.5.2 and 13.5.3, whether or not such Work is fabricated, installed or completed. 
However, neither this authority of the Architect nor a decision made in good faith either 
to exercise or not to exercise such authority shall give rise to a duty or responsibility of 
the Architect to the Contractor, Subcontractors, material and equipment suppliers, their 
agents or employees, or other persons or entities performing portions of the Work. 
 
§ 4.2.7 The Architect will review and approve or take other appropriate action upon the 
Contractor's submittals such as Shop Drawings, Product Data and Samples, but only for 
the limited purpose of checking for conformance with information given and the design 
concept expressed in the Contract Documents. The Architect's action will be taken with 
such reasonable promptness as to cause no delay in the Work or in the activities of the 
Owner, Contractor or separate contractors, while allowing sufficient time in the 
Architect's professional judgment to permit adequate review. Review of such submittals 


===== PAGE 47 =====
 
Initials ___/___ 
 
is not conducted for the purpose of determining the accuracy and completeness of other 
details such as dimensions and quantities, or for substantiating instructions for installation 
or performance of equipment or systems, all of which remain the responsibility of the 
Contractor as required by the Contract Documents. The Architect's review of the 
Contractor's submittals shall not relieve the Contractor of the obligations under §§ 3.3, 
3.5 and 3.12. The Architect's review shall not constitute approval of safety precautions or, 
unless otherwise specifically stated by the Architect, of any construction means, methods, 
techniques, sequences or procedures. The Architect's approval of a specific item shall not 
indicate approval of an assembly of which the item is a component. 
 
§ 4.2.8 The Architect will review proposed Change Orders prepared by the Contractor 
and will prepare Construction Change Directives, and may authorize minor changes in 
the Work as provided in § 7.4. 
 
§ 4.2.9 The Architect will conduct inspections to determine the date or dates of 
Substantial Completion and the date of Final Completion, will receive and forward to the 
Owner, for the Owner's review and records, written warranties and related documents 
required by the Contract and assembled by the Contractor, and will issue a final 
Certificate for Payment upon compliance with the requirements of the Contract 
Documents. 
 
§ 4.2.10 If the Owner and Architect agree, the Architect will provide one or more project 
representatives to assist in carrying out the Architect's responsibilities at the site. The 
duties, responsibilities and limitations of authority of such project representatives shall be 
as set forth in an Exhibit to be incorporated in the Contract Documents. 
 
§ 4.2.11 The Architect will interpret and decide matters concerning performance under 
and requirements of, the Contract Documents on written request of either the Owner or 
Contractor. The Architect's response to such requests will be made in writing within any 
time limits agreed upon or otherwise with reasonable promptness. If no agreement is 
made concerning the time within which interpretations required of the Architect shall be 
furnished in compliance with this § 4.2, then delay shall not be recognized on account of 
failure by the Architect to furnish such interpretations until fifteen (15) days after written 
request is made for them. 
 
§ 4.2.12 Interpretations and decisions of the Architect will be consistent with the intent of 
and reasonably inferable from the Contract Documents and will be in writing or in the 
form of drawings. When making such interpretations and initial decisions, the Architect 
will endeavor to secure faithful performance by both Owner and Contractor, will not 
show partiality to either and will not be liable for results of interpretations or decisions so 
rendered in good faith. 
 
§ 4.2.13 The Architect's decisions on matters relating to aesthetic effect will be final if 
consistent with the intent expressed in the Contract Documents. 
 


===== PAGE 48 =====
 
Initials ___/___ 
 
§ 4.2.14 The Architect may, as he judges desirable, issue additional drawings or 
instructions indicating in greater detail the construction or design of the various parts of 
the Work; such drawings or instructions may be effected either by written order as 
described in Subparagraph 7.4.1, or by written notice to the Contractor provided such 
drawings or instructions are reasonably consistent with the previously existing Contract 
Documents and are approved in writing by the Owner. The Work shall be executed in 
accordance with such additional drawings or instructions and, provided the scope of the 
work remains substantially unchanged, without additional cost or extension of Contract 
Time. If additional cost is required, the Contractor must comply with the Contract 
provisions related to additional work and may not proceed until it has received a signed 
directive from the Owner. The Architect shall issue ASI forms (Architect’s Supplemental 
Instructions) as the vehicle of communication regarding approved Project changes. ASIs 
shall serve as Construction Change Directives (CCDs). 
 
§ 4.3 CLAIMS AND DISPUTES 
§ 4.3.1 Definition.  “Claim” means a demand or assertion by one of the parties seeking, 
as a matter of right, adjustment or interpretation of Contract terms, payment of money, 
extension of time or other relief with respect to the terms of the Contract. The term 
"Claim" also includes other disputes and matters in question between the Owner and 
Contractor arising out of or relating to the Contract. Claims must be initiated by written 
notice. The responsibility to substantiate Claims shall rest with the party making the 
Claim. 
 
§ 4.3.2 Time Limits on Claims. Claims by either party must be initiated within twenty-
one (21) days after occurrence of the event giving rise to such Claim or within twenty-
one (21) days after the claimant first recognizes, or should have recognized upon the 
exercise of due diligence as a reasonably prudent contractor, the condition giving rise to 
the Claim, whichever is later. Claims must be initiated by written notice to the other 
party.  Written notice of claim, in accordance with Paragraph 4.3, is a condition precedent 
to obtaining any relief pursuant to such claim. Within twenty-one (21) days following 
initiation of a Claim, the Claimant shall provide the other party and the Architect: (1) a 
detailed description of the facts underlying the claim; (2) written documentation 
substantiating the claim; and (3) a detailed explanation of the effects of the event giving 
rise to the Claim on the Contract Sum and/or Time.  Failure to adhere to the terms of this 
provision shall constitute a waiver of the Claim by Contractor. 
 
§ 4.3.3 Continuing Contract Performance. Pending final resolution of a Claim except as 
otherwise agreed in writing or as provided in § 9.7.1 and Article 14, the Contractor shall 
proceed diligently with performance of the Contract and the Owner shall continue to 
make payments in accordance with the Contract Documents. 
 
§ 4.3.4 Concealed or Unknown Conditions. If the Contractor encounters conditions at the 
site that are (1) subsurface or otherwise concealed physical conditions that differ 
materially from those indicated in the Contract Documents or (2) unknown physical 
conditions of an unusual nature, that differ materially from those ordinarily found to exist 
and generally recognized as inherent in construction activities of the character provided 


===== PAGE 49 =====
 
Initials ___/___ 
 
for in the Contract Documents, the Contractor shall promptly provide notice to the Owner 
and the Architect before conditions are disturbed and in no event later than twenty-one 
(21) days after first observance of the conditions. The Architect will promptly investigate 
such conditions and, if the Architect determines that they differ materially and cause an 
increase or decrease in the Contractor’s cost of, or time required for, performance of any 
part of the Work, will recommend an equitable adjustment in the Contract Sum or 
Contract Time, or both. If the Architect determines that the conditions at the site are not 
materially different from those indicated in the Contract Documents and that no change 
in the terms of the Contract is justified, the Architect shall promptly notify the Owner and 
Contractor in writing, stating the reasons. If either party disputes the Architect’s 
determination or recommendation, that party may proceed as provided in the Disputes 
provisions. 
 
§ 4.3.5 Claims for Additional Cost.  If the Contractor wishes to make Claim for an 
increase in the Contract Sum, written notice as provided herein shall be given before 
proceeding to execute the Work. Prior notice is not required for Claims relating to an 
emergency of immediate, acute, and imminent nature endangering life or property for 
which Contractor has no notice and does not have a reasonable opportunity to provide 
prior notice to the Owner. 
 
§ 4.3.6 If the Contractor believes additional cost is involved for reasons including but not 
limited to (1) a written interpretation from the Architect, (2) an order by the Owner to 
stop the Work where the Contractor was not at fault, (3) a written order for a minor 
change in the Work issued by the Architect, (4) failure of payment by the Owner, (5) 
termination of the Contract by the Owner, (6) Owner's suspension or (7) other reasonable 
grounds, Claim shall be filed in accordance with this § 4.3. 
 
§ 4.3.6.1 If the Contractor claims that any instructions or orders, whether oral, written, by 
drawings, or otherwise, involve extra cost or time, and such instructions or orders are not 
accompanied by a written acknowledgement by the Owner that extra payment will be 
made or time extended, Contractor shall promptly so notify the Owner and the Architect 
in writing. Contractor shall not proceed with the work until it has received a further 
written order to proceed, except as provided in Paragraph 10.5 in the case of an 
emergency affecting life or property. No claim for extra cost or time on account of such 
instructions or orders shall be valid unless the Contractor has so notified the Owner and 
Architect, before proceeding, that Contractor claims extra cost and time and has received 
the further written order to proceed. 
 
§ 4.3.6.2 Upon receipt from the Contractor of a written notice of claims as provided in 
Subparagraph 4.3.6.1, the Owner shall review such claims and, if Owner determines that 
any work in dispute should proceed, Owner shall issue to the Contractor a written order 
to proceed in which Owner shall approve or deny the Contractor’s claim, in whole or in 
part, or shall instruct the Contractor to proceed with the work subject to a later 
determination by the Owner of the Contractor’s right to extra payment. 
 


===== PAGE 50 =====
 
Initials ___/___ 
 
§ 4.3.6.3 To the extent that the Owner when issuing the written order to proceed 
described in Subparagraph 4.3.6.2 approves the Contractor’s claim, the Contract Sum 
and/or Contract Time, if applicable, shall be adjusted by Change Order.  If a fully 
executed ASI form or written order to proceed, approves or denies, in whole or in part, 
the Contractor’s claim, or instructs the Contractor to proceed with the work subject to a 
later determination by the Owner of the Contractor’s right to extra time or payment, the 
Contractor shall proceed with the work without delay, in any case. 
 
§ 4.3.7 Claims for Additional Time 
§ 4.3.7.1.1 If the Contractor wishes to make a Claim for an increase in the Contract Time, 
written notice as provided in this Article 4 shall be given. The Contractor’s Claim shall 
include an estimate of the probable effect of delay on the progress of the Work. Written 
notice of claim is a condition precedent to obtaining any relief pursuant to such claim. 
Time Extension: Should Contractor be obstructed or delayed in the commencement, 
prosecution or completion of any portion of the Work on the critical path of the 
Construction  Schedule, without fault on its part or its 
Subcontractors/suppliers/materialmen at any tier level, by reason of: failure to act, 
direction, order, neglect, delay or default of the Owner, the Architect/Engineer, or any 
other contractor employed upon the Project; by changes in the Work; fire, lightning, 
earthquake, enemy action, act of God, epidemic or pandemic,  or similar catastrophe; by 
Government restrictions in respect to materials or labor; by labor disputes beyond 
Contractor’s reasonable control, then Contractor shall be entitled only to an extension of 
time to perform the Work, which shall be equal to the actual time lost on the critical path 
of the Construction Schedule by reason of any or all of the causes foresaid. Except for the 
causes specifically listed above in this clause or as otherwise provided in the Contract 
Documents, no other cause or causes of delay shall give rise to an extension of time to 
perform the Work. The granting of an extension of time is conditioned upon Contractor’s 
timely submission of the aforesaid written notice.  
 
§ 4.3.7.1.2 CONTRACTOR EXPRESSLY AGREES NOT TO MAKE, AND HEREBY 
WAIVES, ANY CLAIM FOR DAMAGES (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO 
THOSE RESULTING FROM DISRUPTION, INEFFICIENCY, LOSS OF 
PRODUCTIVITY, IMPACTS, INCREASED OVERHEAD, ETC.) ON ACCOUNT OF 
ANY DELAY, OBSTRUCTION OR HINDRANCE FOR ANY CAUSE 
WHATSOEVER, WHETHER OR NOT FORESEEABLE AND WHETHER OR NOT 
ANTICIPATED, AND AGREES THAT THE SOLE RIGHT AND REMEDY FOR 
ANY SUCH DELAYS AND IMPACTS OF ANY KIND SHALL BE AN EXTENSION 
OF TIME, PROVIDED WRITTEN NOTICE OF CLAIM (IN ACCORDANCE WITH 
ARTICLE 4.3.2) HAS BEEN MET. IT IS EXPRESSLY AGREED AND 
UNDERSTOOD THAT, , IF THE CONTRACTOR INCURS ACTUAL PROVEN AND 
INCURRED ADDITIONAL COSTS, INCLUDING EXTENDED GENERAL 
CONDITIONS COSTS, THAT WERE BEYOND CONTRACTOR’S ABILITY TO 
AVOID OR MITIGATE, DUE TO A DELAY TO THE CRITICAL PATH BEYOND 
CONTRACTOR’S CONTROL, AND SUCH COSTS ARE DETAILED IN WRITING 
AND SUPPORTED WITH DOCUMENTATION SATISFACTORY TO THE OWNER, 
THE CONTRACTOR SHALL BE ENTITLED TO PRESENT A CLAIM FOR 


===== PAGE 51 =====
 
Initials ___/___ 
 
RECOVERY OF SUCH COSTS NOTWITHSTANDING THIS PROVISION. THE 
CONTRACTOR EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGES THAT, SHOULD THE OWNER, 
IN ITS SOLE REASONABLE DISCRETION, NONETHELESS GRANT 
ADDITIONAL COSTS VIA A CHANGE ORDER IN CONJUNCTION WITH 
ADJUSTMENTS TO THE CONTRACT SCHEDULE, SUCH SHALL NOT 
CONSTITUTE A BLANKET WAIVER OF THIS PROVISION, NOR SHALL OTHER 
PROVISIONS OF THIS CONTRACT IN ANY WAY BE CONSTRUED AS 
CONFLICTING WITH OR CREATING AN AMBIGUITY IN THE 
INTERPRETATION OF THIS CLAUSE.  
 
§ 4.3.7.2  If adverse weather conditions are the basis for a Claim for additional time, such 
Claim shall be documented by data substantiating the weather conditions were abnormal 
for the period of time as compared with the ten-year average for the local geographical 
area where the Project is situated, could not have been reasonably anticipated and had an 
adverse effect on the critical path schedule.  The Contractor assumes the risks of the 
normal weather patterns of the local area in which the Project is located.  
 
§ 4.3.7.3 No claim for a time extension shall be allowed on account of a failure of the 
Architect to furnish interpretations, instructions or drawings or to return Shop Drawings 
or samples until ten (10) workdays after receipt by the Architect of a written request for 
such instructions, drawings, or samples and only if such delay impacts the Project’s 
critical path and Contractor has complied with the notice and proof provisions set forth in 
Article 4.  
  
§ 4.3.7.4 Contractor shall not be allowed an extension of time unless Contractor has 
established to the Owner’s satisfaction that the delay claimed by the Contractor is to a 
portion of the Work on the critical path of the Contract Schedule, and the Project is 
currently behind the current Contract Schedule. 
  
§ 4.3.8 Injury or Damage to Person or Property.  If either party to the Contract suffers 
injury or damage to person or property because of an act or omission of the other party, 
or of others for whose acts such party is legally responsible, written notice of such injury 
or damage, whether or not insured, shall be given to the other party within a reasonable 
time not exceeding twenty-one (21) days after discovery. The notice shall provide 
sufficient detail to enable the other party to investigate the matter. 
 
§ 4.3.9 If unit prices are stated in the Contract Documents or subsequently agreed upon, 
and if quantities originally contemplated are materially changed in a proposed Change 
Order or Construction Change Directive so that application of such unit prices to 
quantities of Work proposed will cause substantial inequity to the Owner or Contractor, 
the applicable unit prices shall be equitably adjusted. 
 
§ 4.3.10 Claims for Consequential Damages.  The Contractor and Owner waive Claims 
against each other for consequential, special, indirect, exemplary, or punitive damages 
arising out of or relating to this Contract. This mutual waiver includes, without limitation: 


===== PAGE 52 =====
 
Initials ___/___ 
 
.1 damages incurred by the Owner for additional interest, penalties, taxes, 
insurance, additional marketing or management costs, re ntal expenses, for 
losses of use, income, profit, financing, business and reputation to Owner or 
to the Project, and for loss of management or employee productivity or of the 
services of such persons and for lost or deferred sales, rents or use of property 
including the Project or portions thereof or reduced sales or rent prices or 
diminution in value, and 
.2 damages incurred by the Contractor for principal office expenses including the 
compensation of personnel stationed there, for losses of financing, bus iness 
and reputation, and for loss of profit except anticipated profit arising directly 
from the Work. 
 
This mutual waiver is applicable, without limitation, to all consequential damages due to 
either party's termination of the Contract as provided in the Contract Documents. Nothing 
contained in this Section 4.3.10 shall be deemed to preclude an award of agreed 
liquidated damages in accordance with the requirements of the Agreement. 
 
§ 4.4 RESOLUTION OF CLAIMS AND DISPUTES 
§ 4.4.1 Claim Meeting.  In the event either party makes a Claim, the parties shall meet 
within thirty (30) days after the making of the Claim for the purpose of resolving the 
Claim. Either party may request that the Architect attend this meeting. Such meeting shall 
be a condition precedent to proceeding with litigation of the claim. 
 
§ 4.4.2 If a Claim relates to or is the subject of a mechanic's lien, the party asserting such 
Claim may proceed in accordance with applicable law to comply with the lien notice or 
filing deadlines. 
 
§ 4.4.3 Governing Law and Venue.  The laws of the state where the Project is located, 
without regard for its conflict of law provisions, shall apply in all respects to any and all 
disputes arising from or relating to interpretation or performance of this Contract, except 
as otherwise specifically provided herein.  Any dispute between the parties shall be 
exclusively brought in the courts located in the state where the Project is located. 
 
§ 4.4.4 Attorneys’ Fees and Costs.  The prevailing party in any litigation shall be entitled 
to recover its reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs from the non-prevailing party. 
 
ARTICLE 5   SUBCONTRACTORS 
§ 5.1 DEFINITIONS 
§ 5.1.1 A “Subcontractor” is a person or entity who has a direct contract with the 
Contractor to perform a portion of the Work at the site. The term "Subcontractor" is 
referred to throughout the Contract Documents as if singular in number and means a 
Subcontractor or an authorized representative of the Subcontractor. The term 
"Subcontractor" does not include a separate contractor or subcontractors of a separate 
contractor. 
 


===== PAGE 53 =====
 
Initials ___/___ 
 
§ 5.1.2 A “Sub-subcontractor” is a person or entity who has a direct or indirect contract 
with a Subcontractor to perform a portion of the Work at the site. The term "Sub-
subcontractor" is referred to throughout the Contract Documents as if singular in number 
and means a Sub-subcontractor or an authorized representative of the Sub-subcontractor. 
 
§ 5.2 AWARD OF SUBCONTRACTS AND OTHER CONTRACTS  
FOR PORTIONS OF THE WORK 
§ 5.2.1 Unless otherwise stated in the Contract Documents or the bidding requirements, 
the Contractor, as soon as practicable, and no later than one hundred and twenty (120) 
days after award of the Contract, shall furnish in writing to the Owner through the 
Architect the names of persons or entities (including those who are to furnish materials or 
equipment fabricated to a special design) proposed for each principal portion of the 
Work. The Architect will promptly reply to the Contractor in writing stating whether or 
not the Owner or the Architect, after due investigation, has reasonable objection to any 
such proposed person or entity. Failure of the Owner or Architect to reply promptly shall 
constitute notice of no reasonable objection. 
 
§ 5.2.2 The Contractor shall not contract with a proposed person or entity to whom the 
Owner or Architect has made reasonable and timely objection. The Contractor shall not 
be required to contract with anyone to whom the Contractor has made reasonable and 
timely objection. If the Owner or Architect reasonably objects, and the Contractor must 
contract with another person or entity, the Contract Time and Contract Sum will be 
equitably adjusted. 
 
§ 5.3 SUBCONTRACTUAL RELATIONS 
§ 5.3.1 By appropriate agreement, written where legally required for validity, the 
Contractor shall require each Subcontractor, to the extent of the Work to be performed by 
the Subcontractor, to be bound to the Contractor by the terms of the Contract Documents, 
and to assume toward the Contractor all the obligations and responsibilities, including the 
responsibility for safety of the Subcontractor's Work, which the Contractor, by these 
Documents, assumes toward the Owner and Architect. Each subcontract agreement shall 
preserve and protect the rights of the Owner and Architect under the Contract Documents 
with respect to the Work to be performed by the Subcontractor so that subcontracting 
thereof will not prejudice such rights, and shall allow to the Subcontractor, unless 
specifically provided otherwise in the subcontract agreement, the benefit of all rights, 
remedies and redress against the Contractor that the Contractor, by the Contract 
Documents, has against the Owner. Where appropriate, the Contractor shall require each 
Subcontractor to enter into similar agreements with Sub-subcontractors. The Contractor 
shall make available to each proposed Subcontractor, prior to the execution of the 
subcontract agreement, copies of the Contract Documents to which the Subcontractor will 
be bound, and, upon written request of the Subcontractor, identify to the Subcontractor 
terms and conditions of the proposed subcontract agreement which may be at variance 
with the Contract Documents. Subcontractors will similarly make copies of applicable 
portions of such documents available to their respective proposed Sub-subcontractors.  
The Contractor shall promptly pay (and secure the discharge of any liens asserted by) all 
persons properly furnishing labor, equipment, materials or other items in connection with 


===== PAGE 54 =====
 
Initials ___/___ 
 
the performance of the Work (including, but not limited to, any Subcontractors of any tier 
and suppliers). The Contractor shall furnish to the Owner such releases of claims and 
other documents as may be requested by the Owner from time to time to evidence such 
payment (and discharge). The Owner may, at its option, withhold payment, in whole or in 
part, to the Contractor until such documents are furnished. The Contractor shall defend, 
indemnify and hold harmless the Owner against any liability, costs, expenses or fees 
arising from or relating to the discharge of any such liens and clearing the title of the 
property associated with the Project. The Contractor’s obligation to keep the Project free 
of liens is conditioned upon the Owner making undisputed payments as required under 
the Contract. 
 
§ 5.4 CONTINGENT ASSIGNMENT OF SUBCONTRACTS 
§ 5.4.1 Each subcontract agreement for a portion of the Work is assigned by the 
Contractor to the Owner provided that: 
.1 assignment is effective only after termination of the Contract by the Owner 
for cause pursuant to § 14.2 and only for those subcontract agreements which 
the Owner accepts by notifying the Subcontractor and Contractor in writing; 
and 
.2 assignment is subject to the prior rights of the surety, if any, obligated under 
bond relating to the Contract. 
 
§ 5.4.2 Each subcontract shall specifically provide that the Owner shall only be 
responsible to the Subcontractor for those obligations of the Contractor that accrue 
subsequent to the Owner’s exercise of any rights under this conditional assignment. 
 
ARTICLE 6   CONSTRUCTION BY OWNER OR BY SEPARATE  
CONTRACTORS 
§ 6.1 OWNER'S RIGHT TO PERFORM CONSTRUCTION AND TO  
AWARD SEPARATE CONTRACTS 
§ 6.1.1 The Owner reserves the right to perform construction or operations related to the 
Project with the Owner's own forces, and to award separate contracts in connection with 
other portions of the Project or other construction or operations on the site under 
Conditions of the Contract identical or substantially similar to these including those 
portions related to insurance and waiver of subrogation. If the Contractor claims that 
delay or additional cost is involved because of such action by the Owner, the Contractor 
shall make such Claim as provided in § 4.3. 
 
§ 6.1.2 When separate contracts are awarded for different portions of the Project or other 
construction or operations on the site, the term "Contractor" in the Contract Documents in 
each case shall mean the Contractor who executes each separate Owner-Contractor 
Agreement. 
 
§ 6.1.3 The Owner shall provide for coordination of the activities of the Owner's own 
forces and of each separate contractor with the Work of the Contractor, who shall 
cooperate with them. The Contractor shall participate with other separate contractors and 
the Owner in reviewing their construction schedules when directed to do so. The 


===== PAGE 55 =====
 
Initials ___/___ 
 
Contractor shall make any revisions to the construction schedule deemed necessary after 
a joint review and mutual agreement. The construction schedules shall then constitute the 
schedules to be used by the Contractor, separate contractors and the Owner until 
subsequently revised. 
 
§ 6.1.4 Unless otherwise provided in the Contract Documents, when the Owner performs 
construction or operations related to the Project with the Owner's own forces, the Owner 
shall be deemed to be subject to the same obligations and to have the same rights which 
apply to the Contractor under the Conditions of the Contract, including, without 
excluding others, those stated in Article 3, this Article 6 and Articles 10, 11 and 12. 
 
§ 6.2 MUTUAL RESPONSIBILITY 
§ 6.2.1 The Contractor shall afford the Owner and separate contractors reasonable 
opportunity for introduction and storage of their materials and equipment and 
performance of their activities, and shall connect and coordinate the Contractor's 
construction and operations with theirs as required by the Contract Documents. 
 
§ 6.2.2 If part of the Contractor's Work depends for proper execution or results upon 
construction or operations by the Owner or a separate contractor, the Contractor shall, 
prior to proceeding with that portion of the Work, promptly report to the Architect 
apparent discrepancies or defects, that Contractor becomes aware of through the exercise 
of due diligence in accordance with its standard of care, in such other construction that 
would render it unsuitable for such proper execution and results. Failure of the Contractor 
so to report shall constitute an acknowledgment that the Owner's or separate contractor's 
completed or partially completed construction is fit and proper to receive the Contractor's 
Work, except as to defects not then reasonably discoverable. 
 
§ 6.2.3 The Owner shall be reimbursed by the Contractor for costs incurred by the Owner 
which are payable to a separate contractor because of delays, improperly timed activities 
or defective construction of the Contractor. The Owner shall be responsible to the 
Contractor for costs incurred by the Contractor because of damage to the Work or 
defective construction of a separate contractor. 
 
§ 6.2.4 The Contractor shall promptly remedy damage wrongfully caused by the 
Contractor to completed or partially completed construction or to property of the Owner 
or separate contractors as provided in § 10.2.5. 
 
§ 6.2.5 The Owner and each separate contractor shall have the same responsibilities for 
cutting and patching as are described for the Contractor in § 3.14. 
 
§ 6.3 OWNER'S RIGHT TO CLEAN UP 
§ 6.3.1 If a dispute arises among the Contractor, separate contractors and the Owner as to 
the responsibility under their respective contracts for maintaining the premises and 
surrounding area free from waste materials and rubbish, the Owner may clean up and the 
Architect will allocate the cost among those responsible. 
 


===== PAGE 56 =====
 
Initials ___/___ 
 
ARTICLE 7   CHANGES IN THE WORK 
§ 7.1 GENERAL 
§ 7.1.1 Changes in the Work may be accomplished after execution of the Contract, and 
without invalidating the Contract, by Change Order, Construction Change Directive or 
order for a minor change in the Work, subject to the limitations stated in this Article 7 
and elsewhere in the Contract Documents. 
 
§ 7.1.2 A Change Order shall be based upon agreement among the Owner, Contractor 
and Architect; a Construction Change Directive requires agreement by the Owner and 
Architect and may or may not be agreed to by the Contractor; an order for a minor 
change in the Work may be issued by the Architect alone. 
 
§ 7.1.3 Changes in the Work shall be performed under applicable provisions of the 
Contract Documents, and the Contractor shall proceed promptly, unless otherwise 
provided in the Change Order, Construction Change Directive or order for a minor 
change in the Work.  Except as otherwise provided herein, a change in the Contract Sum 
or the Contract Time shall be accomplished only by Change Order. Accordingly, no 
course of conduct or dealings between the parties, nor express or implied acceptance of 
alterations or additions to the Work, no claim that Owner has been unjustly enriched by 
any alteration of or addition to the Work, whether or not there is, in fact, any unjust 
enrichment to the Work, shall be the basis of any claim to an increase in any amounts due 
under the Contract Documents or change in any time period provided for in the Contract 
Documents. The Change Order provisions shall be construed in conjunction with the “No 
Damages for Delay” clause. 
 
§ 7.2 CHANGE ORDERS 
§ 7.2.1 A Change Order is a written instrument prepared by the Architect and signed by 
the Owner, Contractor and Architect, stating their agreement upon all of the following: 
 
.1 change in the Work; 
.2 the amount of the adjustment, if any, in the Contract Sum;  
.3     the extent of the adjustment, if any, in the Contract Time;  
.4 the Mandatory Change Order language set forth in Article 10 of the 
Agreement; and 
.5 if agreed upon by the Owner, actual proven and incurred extended general 
conditions costs from a delay, or scope item, for reasons not the fault of 
Contractor, including due to an Owner-caused or Government-caused 
change, and if such costs can be detailed. 
 
§ 7.2.2 Methods used in determining adjustments to the Contract Sum may include those 
listed in § 7.3.3. 
 
§ 7.2.3 Any reservation of rights that is executed in a Change Order contrary to the terms 
and conditions of the Contract shall have no force and effect, unless such reservations of 
rights are contained in a separate document signed by the parties. 
 


===== PAGE 57 =====
 
Initials ___/___ 
 
§ 7.3 CONSTRUCTION CHANGE DIRECTIVES 
§ 7.3.1 A Construction Change Directive (one common form will be Architect’s 
Supplemental Instructions (ASIs)) is a written order prepared by the Architect and signed 
by the Owner and Architect, directing a change in the Work prior to agreement on 
adjustment, if any, in the Contract Sum or Contract Time, or both. The Owner may by 
Construction Change Directive, without invalidating the Contract, order changes in the 
Work within the general scope of the Contract consisting of additions, deletions or other 
revisions, the Contract Sum and Contract Time being adjusted accordingly. 
 
§ 7.3.2 A Construction Change Directive shall be used in the absence of total agreement 
on the terms of a Change Order. 
 
§ 7.3.3 If the Construction Change Directive provides for an adjustment to the Contract 
Sum, the adjustment shall be based on one of the following methods, as selected by the 
Owner: 
.1 mutual acceptance of a lump sum properly itemized and supported by 
sufficient substantiating data to permit evaluation; 
.2 unit prices stated in the Contract Documents or subsequently agreed upon; 
.3 cost to be determined in a manner agreed upon by the parties and a mutually 
acceptable fixed or percentage fee; or 
.4 as provided in § 7.3.6. 
 
§ 7.3.4 Upon receipt of a Construction Change Directive, the Contractor shall promptly 
proceed with the change in the Work involved and advise the Architect of the 
Contractor's agreement or disagreement with the method, if any, provided in the 
Construction Change Directive for determining the proposed adjustment in the Contract 
Sum or Contract Time.   
 
§ 7.3.5 A Construction Change Directive signed by the Contractor indicates the 
agreement of the Contractor therewith, including adjustment in Contract Sum and 
Contract Time or the method for determining them. Such agreement shall be effective 
immediately and shall be recorded as a Change Order. 
 
§ 7.3.6  If the Contractor does not respond promptly or disagrees with the method for 
adjustment in the Contract Sum, the method and the adjustment shall be determined by 
the Architect on the basis of reasonable expenditures and savings of those performing the 
Work attributable to the change, including, in case of an increase in the Contract Sum, a 
reasonable allowance for overhead and profit. In such case, and also under Section 
7.3.3.3, the Contractor shall keep and present, in such form as the Architect may 
prescribe, an itemized accounting together with appropriate supporting data. Unless 
otherwise provided in the Contract Documents, costs for the purposes of this Section 
7.3.6 shall be limited to the following: 
.1 costs of labor, including social security, old age and unemployment 
insurance, fringe benefits required by agreement or custom, and workers' 
compensation insurance; 


===== PAGE 58 =====
 
Initials ___/___ 
 
.2 costs of materials, supplies and equipment, including cost of transportation, 
whether incorporated or consumed; 
.3 rental costs of machinery and equipment, exclusive of hand tools, whether 
rented from the Contractor or others; 
.4 costs of premiums for all bonds and insurance, permit fees, and sales, use or 
similar taxes related to the Work; and 
.5 additional costs of supervision and field office personnel directly attributable 
to the change. 
 
§ 7.3.7 The amount of credit to be allowed by the Contractor to the Owner for a deletion 
or change which results in a net decrease in the Contract Sum shall be actual net cost as 
confirmed by the Owner. When both additions and credits covering related Work or 
substitutions are involved in a change, the allowance for overhead and profit shall be 
figured on the basis of net increase or decrease, if any, with respect to that change. 
 
§ 7.3.8 Pending final determination of the total cost of a Construction Change Directive 
to the Owner, amounts not in dispute for such changes in the Work shall be included in 
Applications for Payment, accompanied by a Change Order indicating the parties' 
agreement with part or all of such costs. For any portion of such cost that remains in 
dispute, the Architect will make an interim determination for purposes of monthly 
certification of payment for those costs. That determination of cost shall adjust the 
Contract Sum on the same basis as a Change Order, subject to the right of either party to 
disagree and assert a claim in accordance with Article 4. 
 
§ 7.3.9 When the Owner and Contractor agree with the determination made by the 
Architect concerning the adjustments in the Contract Sum and Contract Time, or 
otherwise reach agreement upon the adjustments, such agreement shall be effective 
immediately and shall be recorded by preparation and execution of an appropriate 
Change Order. 
 
§ 7.4 MINOR CHANGES IN THE WORK 
§ 7.4.1 The Architect will have authority to order minor changes in the Work not 
involving adjustment in the Contract Sum or extension of the Contract Time and not 
inconsistent with the intent of the Contract Documents. Such changes shall be effected by 
written order and shall be binding on the Owner and Contractor. The Contractor shall 
carry out such written orders promptly. 
 
ARTICLE 8   TIME 
§ 8.1 DEFINITIONS 
§ 8.1.1 Unless otherwise provided, Contract Time is the period of time, including 
authorized adjustments, allotted in the Contract Documents for Substantial Completion of 
the entire Work. 
 
§ 8.1.2 The date of commencement of the Work is the date established in the Owner’s 
Notice to Proceed. 
 


===== PAGE 59 =====
Initials ___/___ 
 
§ 8.1.3 The date(s) of Substantial Completion is the date(s) certified by the Architect in
accordance with § 9.8.
§ 8.1.4 The term "day" as used in the Contract Documents shall mean calendar day unless
otherwise specifically defined.
§ 8.1.5 The term “working day” shall mean any calendar day except Saturdays, Sundays
and Legal Holidays at the place of the Project.
§ 8.2 PROGRESS AND COMPLETION
§ 8.2.1 Time limits stated in the Contract Documents are of the essence of the Contract.
By executing the Agreement the Contractor confirms that the Contract Time, which is of
the essence, including the time for completion of the Work is a reasonable time-period
for Contractor or any of its Subcontractors or suppliers (of any tier) to complete
performing the Work herein and under the Contract generally.
§ 8.2.2 The Contractor shall not knowingly, except by agreement or instruction of the
Owner in writing, prematurely commence operations on the site or elsewhere prior to the
effective date of insurance required by Article 11 to be furnished by the Contractor and
Owner. The date of commencement of the Work shall not be changed by the effective
date of such insurance. Unless the date of commencement is established by the Contract
Documents or a notice to proceed given by the Owner, the Contractor shall notify the
Owner in writing not less than five (5) days or other agreed period before commencing
the Work to permit the timely filing of mortgages, mechanic's liens and other security
interests.
§ 8.2.3 The Contractor shall proceed expeditiously with adequate forces and shall achieve
Substantial Completion within the Contract Time.
ARTICLE 9   PAYMENTS AND COMPLETION 
§ 9.1 CONTRACT SUM
§ 9.1.1 The Contract Sum is stated in the Agreement and, including authorized
adjustments, is the total amount payable by the Owner to the Contractor for performance
of the Work under the Contract Documents.
§ 9.2 SCHEDULE OF VALUES
§ 9.2.1  Before the first Application for Payment, the Contractor shall submit to the
Architect and Owner a schedule of values allocated to various portions of the Work,
prepared in such form and supported by such data to include a trade payment breakdown
to substantiate its accuracy as the Architect may require. This schedule, unless objected
to by the Architect, shall be used as a basis for reviewing the Contractor's Applications
for Payment.
§ 9.3 APPLICATIONS FOR PAYMENT
§ 9.3.1  On or about the 20th day of each month, the Contractor shall submit to the Architect
and Owner a pencil draw of its itemized Application for Payment for operations completed


===== PAGE 60 =====
 
Initials ___/___ 
 
in accordance with the schedule of values, projected to the end of the month.  The actual 
Application for Paym ent should be submitted by the 25th day of the month. Prior to 
submission of each Application for Payment, the Contractor, Owner and Architect if any, 
shall meet to discuss the preliminary version of the Application.  Each Application shall be 
notarized, if required, and supported by such data substantiating the Contractor's right to 
payment as the Owner or Architect may require, such as copies of requisitions from 
Subcontractors and material suppliers, and reflecting retainage if provided for in the 
Contract Documents. 
 
§ 9.3.1.1  As stated in Article 7.3.8, Applications for Payment may include requests for 
payment on account of changes in the Work which have been properly authorized by 
Construction Change Directives, but not yet included in Change Orders. However, the 
Owner reserves the right to withhold payment for such items pending an approved 
Change Order.  Owner shall not unreasonably withhold approval of a Change Order. 
 
§ 9.3.1.2 Such applications may not include requests for payment for portions of the 
Work for which the Contractor does not intend to pay to a Subcontractor or material 
supplier, unless such Work has been performed by others whom the Contractor intends to 
pay. 
 
§ 9.3.2 Unless otherwise provided in the Contract Documents, payments shall be made on 
account of materials and equipment delivered and suitably stored at the site for 
subsequent incorporation in the Work. If approved in advance by the Owner, payment 
may similarly be made for materials and equipment suitably stored off the site at a 
location agreed upon in writing. Payment for materials and equipment stored on or off the 
site shall be conditioned upon compliance by the Contractor with procedures satisfactory 
to the Owner to establish the Owner's title to such materials and equipment or otherwise 
protect the Owner's interest, and shall include the costs of applicable insurance, storage 
and transportation to the site for such materials and equipment stored off the site.  The 
Contractor shall be responsible for any loss or damage to unincorporated materials or 
equipment stored offsite not covered by insurance. 
 
§ 9.3.3 The Contractor warrants that title to all Work covered by an Application for 
Payment will pass to the Owner no later than the time of payment. The Contractor further 
warrants that, upon submittal of an Application for Payment, all Work for which 
Certificates for Payment have been previously issued and payments received from the 
Owner shall, to the best of the Contractor's knowledge, information and belief, be free 
and clear of liens, claims, security interests or encumbrances in favor of the Contractor, 
Subcontractors, material suppliers, or other persons or entities making a claim by reason 
of having provided labor, materials and equipment relating to the Work. 
 
§ 9.3.4 Each Application for Payment or periodic estimate requesting payment shall be 
accompanied by (i) Contractor’s schedule of values, (ii) the required lien waiver and 
release forms, executed by Contractor, and lien waivers from Contractor’s 
Subcontractors, suppliers and materialmen, on the forms required by the Contract 
Documents, (iii) an updated CPM schedule reflecting as-built data, a statement of the 


===== PAGE 61 =====
 
Initials ___/___ 
 
current projected completion date, and any delays, impacts or anticipated delays and 
impacts affecting the completion date. No payment shall be made unless the payment 
application is accompanied by the foregoing documents. 
 
§ 9.3.5 In the event liens of any kind are recorded or filed by the Contractor’s 
Subcontractors, at any tier, or any other person entitled to a lien under applicable law for 
whom Contractor is responsible, the Contractor shall promptly cause said lien(s) to be 
released or discharged, by bond or otherwise. Within ten (10) days of receipt of the notice 
by Contractor of the recording or filing of the lien, Contractor shall either obtain and 
record a full release of such lien and claim against the Owner or shall furnish a bond 
reasonably acceptable to the Owner that releases such lien (or claim for a lien) against the 
property and fully indemnifies the Owner from any personal liability arising therefrom 
and that fully complies with applicable law.  The cost of any premiums incurred in 
connection with such bonds shall be the responsibility of the Contractor and shall not be 
part of or cause any increase in the Contract Sum. The Contractor agrees to defend, 
indemnify and hold the Owner harmless against all claims, damages, losses and expenses, 
including attorneys’ fees, resulting from any breach of the Contractor’s obligations under 
this Subparagraph.  
 
§ 9.4 CERTIFICATES FOR PAYMENT 
§ 9.4.1 The Architect will, within seven (7) days after receipt of the Contractor's 
Application for Payment, either issue to the Owner a Certificate for Payment, with a copy 
to the Contractor, for such amount as the Architect determines is properly due, or notify 
the Contractor and Owner in writing of the Architect's reasons for withholding 
certification in whole or in part as provided in § 9.5.1. 
 
§ 9.4.2 The issuance of a Certificate for Payment will constitute a representation by the 
Architect to the Owner, based on the Architect's evaluation of the Work and the data 
comprising the Application for Payment, that the Work has progressed to the point 
indicated and that, to the best of the Architect's knowledge, information and belief, the 
quality of the Work is in accordance with the Contract Documents. The foregoing 
representations are subject to an evaluation of the Work for conformance with the 
Contract Documents upon Substantial Completion of the Project as a whole, to results of 
subsequent tests and inspections, to correction of minor deviations from the Contract 
Documents prior to completion and to specific qualifications expressed by the Architect. 
The issuance of a Certificate for Payment will further constitute a representation that the 
Contractor is entitled to payment in the amount certified. However, the issuance of a 
Certificate for Payment will not be a representation that the Architect has (1) made 
exhaustive or continuous on-site inspections to check the quality or quantity of the Work, 
(2) reviewed construction means, methods, techniques, sequences or procedures, (3) 
reviewed copies of requisitions received from Subcontractors and material suppliers and 
other data requested by the Owner to substantiate the Contractor's right to payment, or (4) 
made examination to ascertain how or for what purpose the Contractor has used money 
previously paid on account of the Contract Sum. 
 
§ 9.4.3 The issuance of a Certificate for Payment shall constitute a recommendation to the 


===== PAGE 62 =====
 
Initials ___/___ 
 
Owner in respect to the amount to be paid. This recommendation is not binding on the 
Owner if, in Owner's opinion, legitimate reasons for nonpayment exist including, but no t 
limited to the reasons set out in § 9.5.1.  If the Owner declines to make payment upon a 
Certificate of Payment issued and approved by the Architect, the Owner shall promptly 
notify the Contractor of the reasons therefor and shall approve payment to the Contractor 
for that portion of the payment Application to which Owner has no legitimate objection. 
 
§ 9.5 DECISIONS TO WITHHOLD CERTIFICATION 
§ 9.5.1 The Architect and/or Owner may withhold a Certificate for Payment in whole or 
in part, to the extent reasonably necessary to protect the Owner, if in the Architect's 
and/or Owner’s opinion the representations to the Owner required by § 9.4.2 cannot be 
made. If the Architect and/or Owner are unable to certify payment in the amount of the 
Application, the Architect and/or Owner will notify the Contractor and Owner as 
provided in § 9.4.1. If the Contractor and Architect and/or Owner cannot agree on a 
revised amount, the Architect and/or Owner will promptly issue a Certificate for Payment 
for the amount for which the Architect and/or Owner is able to make such representations 
to the Owner. The Architect may also withhold a Certificate for Payment or, because of 
subsequently discovered evidence, may nullify the whole or a part of a Certificate for 
Payment previously issued, to such extent as may be necessary in the Architect's opinion 
to protect the Owner from loss for which the Contractor is responsible, including loss 
resulting from acts and omissions described in § 3.3.2, because of: 
 
.1 defective Work not remedied; 
.2 third party claims filed or reasonable evidence indicating probable filing of 
such claims unless security acceptable to the Owner is provided by the 
Contractor; 
.3 failure of the Contractor to make payments properly to Subcontractors or for 
labor, materials or equipment; 
.4 reasonable evidence that the Work cannot be completed for the unpaid 
balance of the Contract Sum; 
.5 damage to the Owner or another contractor; 
.6 reasonable evidence that the Work will not be completed within the Contract 
Time, and that the unpaid balance would not be adequate to cover actual or 
liquidated damages for the anticipated delay;  
.7 persistent failure to carry out the Work in accordance with the Contract 
Documents; 
.8 the recordation or filing of a lien or attachment by any Subcontractor, Sub-
subcontractor or other person supplying labor or materials in connection with 
the Work which is not bonded off; and/or 
.9 rejection of the Work or any part of the Work by any governmental authority 
having jurisdiction of the Project due to the Contractor’s failure to perform 
the Work in accordance with the Contract Documents.   
 
§ 9.5.2 When the above reasons for withholding certification are removed, certification 
will be made for amounts previously withheld. The Owner shall not be deemed to be in 


===== PAGE 63 =====
 
Initials ___/___ 
 
default of the Contract by reason of withholding payment while any of the 
aforementioned issues remain uncured. 
  
§ 9.6 PROGRESS PAYMENTS 
§ 9.6.1 After the Architect has issued a Certificate for Payment, the Owner shall make 
payment in the manner and within the time provided in the Contract Documents, and 
shall so notify the Architect. 
 
§ 9.6.2 The Contractor shall promptly pay each Subcontractor  upon receipt of payment 
from the Owner, and no later than five (5) calendar days after receipt of payment, out of 
the amount paid to the Contractor on account of such Subcontractor's portion of the Work, 
the amount to which said Subcontractor is entitled, reflecting percentages actually retained 
from payments to the Contractor on account of such Subcontractor's portion of the Work. 
The Contractor shall, by appropriate agreement with each Subcontractor, require each 
Subcontractor to make payments to Sub -subcontractors in a similar manner.  In the  event 
the Owner reasonably believes that Contractor is not paying its subcontractors as required 
herein, the Owner reserves the right to pay the Contractor by joint checks, made payable 
to the Contractor and its Subcontractors and/or Suppliers, but has no obligation to do so.  
 
§ 9.6.3 The Architect will, on request, furnish to a Subcontractor, if practicable, 
information regarding percentages of completion or amounts applied for by the 
Contractor and action taken thereon by the Architect and Owner on account of portions of 
the Work done by such Subcontractor. 
 
§ 9.6.4 Neither the Owner nor Architect shall have an obligation to pay or to see to the 
payment of money to a Subcontractor except as may otherwise be required by law. 
 
§ 9.6.5 Payment to material suppliers shall be treated in a manner similar to that provided 
in §§ 9.6.2, 9.6.3 and 9.6.4. 
 
§ 9.6.6 A Certificate for Payment, a progress payment, or partial or entire use or 
occupancy of the Project by the Owner shall not constitute acceptance of Work not in 
accordance with the Contract Documents. 
 
§ 9.6.7  Progress payments and/or final payments may be withheld in whole or in part by 
the Owner on account of debt of any kind owed to the Owner by Contractor arising from 
or relating to the Project. 
 
§ 9.7 FAILURE OF PAYMENT 
§ 9.7.1 If the Architect does not issue a Certificate for Payment for which the Owner and 
Contractor agree that an undisputed amount is due, through no fault of the Contractor, 
within forty-five (45) days after receipt of the Contractor's Application for Payment, or if 
the Owner does not pay the Contractor within seven (7) days after the date established in 
the Contract Documents the amount certified by the Architect, then the Contractor may, 
upon seven (7) additional days' written notice to the Owner and Architect, stop the Work 
until payment of the amount owing has been received.  The Owner shall compensate the 


===== PAGE 64 =====
 
Initials ___/___ 
 
Contractor for the reasonable costs of shutdown and start-up, but this provision and such 
compensation shall nonetheless not be deemed to conflict with the “No Damages for 
Delay” provision set forth in the Contract, but shall be read in conjunction therewith.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Owner and Contractor have a payment dispute, the 
Contractor shall proceed with the Work without delay, subject to Contractor’s right to 
assert a claim in accordance herein. 
 
§ 9.8 SUBSTANTIAL COMPLETION  
 
§ 9.8.1  The Contract Documents (§3.3 of the Agreement) establish the Substantial 
Completion date for the Project. Substantial Completion is the stage when all of the Work 
is sufficiently complete in accordance with the Contract Documents and all Work under 
this Contract required to license the building as indicated in the Contract Documents, is 
complete to allow for a licensing inspection by a licensing agency for that particular 
location so that the Owner can occupy and utilize the Work for its intended use. 
However, in no event will Substantial Completion be reached within the meaning of this 
Contract until: (1) all Work under this Contract is completed to allow for necessary 
licenses, (2) Certificates of Occupancy are issued by the appropriate governmental 
authorities provided such certificates are not withheld through no fault of Contractor, (2) 
all finishes, including but not limited to, wall coverings, paint, carpeting, flooring, 
appliances, lighting fixtures, plumbing fixtures, softscape, hardscape, and paving have 
been properly installed (exclusive of Punch List work), (4) all as-built drawings, 
Operations and Maintenance manuals and warranties have been provided to the Owner, 
and (5) the Architect has issued a Certificate of Substantial Completion. Issuance of a 
license is not a criteria for Substantial Completion. 
 
§ 9.8.2  When the Contractor considers that the Work or a portion thereof which the 
Owner agrees to accept separately is substantially complete, the Contractor shall submit 
to the Architect and the Owner (1) a list of items to be completed or corrected and (2) all 
special warranties required by the Contract Documents endorsed by the Contractor and in 
a form reasonably acceptable to the Architect. The failure to include any items on the list 
mentioned in the preceding sentence does not alter the responsibility of the Contractor to 
complete all Work in accordance with the Contract Documents. When the Architect and 
Owner on the basis of an inspection determines that the Work or designated portion 
thereof is substantially complete, and when the Contractor has submitted to the Architect 
the special warranties, as provided in the first sentence of this Subparagraph, the 
Architect will then prepare a Certificate of Substantial Completion which shall establish 
the Date of Substantial Completion, shall state the responsibilities of the Owner and the 
Contractor for security, maintenance, heat, utilities, damage to the Work, and insurance 
and shall fix the time within which the Contractor shall complete the items listed therein. 
The Certificate of Substantial Completion shall be submitted to the Owner and the 
Contractor for their written acceptance of the responsibilities assigned to each party 
respectively. The Contractor shall schedule the Architect’s Punch List review when the 
building meets the required state of completion. If the review date is called prematurely 
and the Architect must return to the Project at a later date to re-commence Punch List 
review, the Contractor shall compensate the Owner for the Architect’s time and travel 


===== PAGE 65 =====
 
Initials ___/___ 
 
expenses incurred by any premature Project visit. The Architect may establish the date 
that Substantial Completion was reached, using the Owner’s representative or other party 
to verify items of completion listed above. 
 
§ 9.8.3 Upon receipt of the Contractor's list, the Architect will make an inspection to 
determine whether the Work or designated portion thereof is substantially complete. If 
the Architect's inspection discloses any item, whether or not included on the Contractor's 
list, which is not sufficiently complete in accordance with the Contract Documents so that 
the Owner can occupy or utilize the Work or designated portion thereof for its intended 
use, the Contractor shall, before issuance of the Certificate of Substantial Completion, 
complete or correct such item upon notification by the Architect. In such case, the 
Contractor shall then submit a request for another inspection by the Architect to 
determine Substantial Completion. 
 
§ 9.8.4  Warranties required by the Contract Documents shall commence on the date of 
Substantial Completion unless otherwise provided in the Certificate of Substantial 
Completion. 
 
§ 9.8.5 Coordination with Lender Requirements: Subject to Article 13.5.4, the Contractor 
acknowledges and agrees to fully comply with the following Lender requirements 
regarding Substantial Completion, and cooperate with Owner to facilitate compliance 
therewith: 
 
Upon completion of the Work/Improvements (excluding final Punch List items for which 
Loan funds shall be retained until completion thereof), Owner shall furnish Lender with 
some or all of the following (as requested by Lender in its reasonable discretion), all in 
form and content reasonably satisfactory to Lender, as a condition precedent to 
disbursement of the Retention Funds: 
  
1. Certification by Architect (to its best knowledge at the time of the certification), 
Contractor (to its best knowledge at the time of the certification), and Borrower 
that the Improvements have been completed in substantial accordance with the 
Plans and Specifications. 
 
2. Evidence that a final certificate(s) of occupancy (or temporary certificate of 
occupancy that is unconditional) for the site work and building shell(s) has been 
issued by the political subdivision authorized to issue such certificate. 
 
3.  Full lien waivers (unconditional waivers, as to work previously paid for, and 
conditional lien waivers with the request for disbursement of the Retention Funds, 
with unconditional lien waivers delivered upon receipt of the final payments 
covered by the Retention Funds) from Contractor, and, at Lender's option, from 
all Major Subcontractors for all labor performed and/or materials supplied in 
connection with the construction of the Improvements. 
 


===== PAGE 66 =====
 
Initials ___/___ 
 
4. Execution of AlA Form G706 (contractor's affidavit of payment of debts) and 
AlA Form 706A (contractor's affidavit of release of liens) or 707 (consent of 
surety of final payment) (said forms may be conditioned upon receipt of the 
Contractor's final payment).  
 
5. If required by Lender, copies of all special inspection reports, certificates or any 
similar items as required by any Governmental Authority relating to the 
Improvements. 
 
6. If required by Lender, copies of all guaranties for workmanship and all warranties 
and maintenance agreements relating to the completed Improvements. 
 
7. If required by Lender, "As-Built" drawings and specifications that include all 
modifications and changes that have been included in the Plans and 
Specifications. 
 
8.  The ALTA "as-built" survey, showing the location of the Improvements upon the 
Real Property and showing all easements and other matters affecting the site, or 
other satisfactory evidence showing that: 
 
(a) the Improvements have been built in accordance with the Plans and 
Specifications and do not encroach on any easements or public or private 
right(s) of way; 
(b) the Improvements have been constructed within the boundaries of the 
Property; and 
(c) the Improvements have been constructed within the setback lines as required 
by applicable zoning ordinances and do not encroach upon any other lot or 
other property. 
 
In addition, following completion of the Improvements, Owner shall furnish to Lender an 
ALTA "as built" survey showing the location of the Improvements upon the Real 
Property and showing all easements and other matters affecting the site. The Contractor 
shall not be responsible for the costs of the ALTA "as-built" survey. 
 
9. Evidence that the "Notice of Completion," has been properly recorded for the 
Facility in accordance with the requirements of New Jersey law and certificates of 
occupancy for the Facility have been issued. 
 
10. Issuance by the Title Company issuing Lender's Title Policy, at Owner's expense, 
of a mechanic's lien endorsement and such further endorsements as Lender may 
reasonably request to be attached to Lender's Title Policy. 
 
§ 9.9 PARTIAL OCCUPANCY OR USE 
§ 9.9.1 The Owner may occupy or use any completed or partially completed portion of 
the Work at any stage, provided such occupancy or use is consented to by the insurer as 
required under § 11.4.1.5 and authorized by public authorities having jurisdiction over 


===== PAGE 67 =====
 
Initials ___/___ 
 
the Work. Such partial occupancy or use may commence whether or not the portion is 
substantially complete, provided the Owner and Contractor have accepted in writing the 
responsibilities assigned to each of them for payments, retainage, if any, security, 
maintenance, heat, utilities, damage to the Work and insurance, and have agreed in 
writing concerning the period for correction of the Work and commencement of 
warranties required by the Contract Documents. When the Contractor considers a portion 
substantially complete, the Contractor shall prepare and submit a list to the Architect as 
provided under § 9.8.2. Consent of the Contractor to partial occupancy or use shall not be 
unreasonably withheld. The stage of the progress of the Work shall be determined by 
written agreement between the Owner and Contractor or, if no agreement is reached, by 
decision of the Architect. If the Owner uses the model units for pre-sales efforts, the 
Owner shall be responsible for any personal injuries to third parties which occur within 
the model units, to the extent caused by the Owner. 
 
§ 9.9.2 Immediately prior to such partial occupancy or use, the Owner, Contractor and 
Architect shall jointly inspect the area to be occupied or portion of the Work to be used in 
order to determine and record the condition of the Work. 
 
§ 9.9.3 Unless otherwise agreed upon, partial occupancy or use of a portion or portions of 
the Work shall not constitute acceptance of Work not complying with the requirements of 
the Contract Documents. 
 
§ 9.10 FINAL COMPLETION AND FINAL PAYMENT 
  
§ 9.10.1   Upon receipt of written notice that the Work is ready for final inspection and 
acceptance and upon receipt of a final Application for Payment, the Architect will 
promptly make such inspection and, when the Architect finds the Work acceptable under 
the Contract Documents and the Contract fully performed, the Architect will promptly 
issue a final Certificate for Payment stating that to the best of the Architect's knowledge, 
information and belief, and on the basis of the Architect's on-site visits and inspections, 
the Work has been completed in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Contract 
Documents and that the entire balance found to be due the Contractor and noted in the 
final Certificate is due and payable. The Architect's final Certificate for Payment will 
constitute a further representation that conditions listed in § 9.10.2 as precedent to the 
Contractor's being entitled to final payment have been fulfilled. Contractor must notify 
the Architect that the Work is ready for final inspection and acceptance on or before the 
expiration of forty-five (45) days from the date of Substantial Completion. If the 
Contractor fails to notify the Architect on or before the expiration of forty-five (45) days 
from the date of Substantial Completion, or the Architect finds that the Work, including 
Punch Lst and corrective work, upon the expiration of forty-five (45) days from such date 
of Substantial Completion, is not finally completed, the Owner shall have the absolute 
right upon three (3) days’ written notice to cure, and the Contractor’s subsequent failure 
to cure within an additional fifteen (15) days unless a different time period is agreed to in 
writing by the Owner, to supplement the Contractor’s forces to finally complete the Work 
or finally complete the Work with its own forces at the expense of the Contractor. 
Submission of Operation and Maintenance manuals and training documents shall be part 


===== PAGE 68 =====
 
Initials ___/___ 
 
of the required Punch List items. Owner shall be entitled to deduct from Contractor’s 
final payment any and all expenses incurred by the Owner in achieving Final Completion 
of the Work, including but not limited to any liquidated damages the Owner has assessed 
against the Contractor for its failure to achieve Final Completion of the Work within 
forty-five (45) days after Substantial Completion. 
 
§ 9.10.2 Neither final payment nor any remaining retained percentage shall become due 
until the Contractor submits to the Architect (1) an affidavit that required payrolls, bills 
for materials and equipment, and other indebtedness connected with the Work for which 
the Owner or the Owner's property might be responsible or encumbered (less amounts 
withheld by Owner) have been paid or otherwise satisfied, (2) a certificate evidencing 
that insurance required by the Contract Documents to remain in force after final payment 
is currently in effect and will not be canceled or allowed to expire until at least thirty (30) 
days' prior written notice has been given to the Owner, (3) a written statement that the 
Contractor knows of no substantial reason that the insurance will not be renewable to 
cover the period required by the Contract Documents, (4) consent of surety, if any, to 
final payment, (5),  the lien waiver and release forms required under the Contract 
Documents, executed by Contractor and any other necessary parties, and (6) a letter 
copied to the Owner, stating that all close out Operations and Maintenance manuals and 
warranties have been submitted per Contract Document requirements. This scope shall 
include all “Architectural” and “Mechanical, Plumbing and Electrical” operations and 
maintenance manuals and warranty information. If the Contractor fails to furnish such 
releases or waivers as noted in item (5) as the Owner reasonably requires to satisfy the 
Owner that there are no outstanding liens, including outstanding liens by Subcontractors 
at any tier level, the Owner may require the Contractor, as a condition of final payment, 
to furnish a bond satisfactory to the Owner and meeting the requirements set forth in § 
9.3.5 above. If a Subcontractor refuses to furnish a release or waiver required by the 
Owner, the Contractor may furnish a bond satisfactory to the Owner to indemnify the 
Owner against such lien and such personal liability arising from such claim. If such lien 
remains unsatisfied after payments are made, the Contractor shall refund to the Owner all 
money that the Owner may be compelled to pay in discharging such lien, including all 
costs and reasonable attorneys' fees.  Contractor agrees that it will obtain the agreement 
of each of its Subcontractors and Suppliers in its contracts with such parties that its 
Subcontractors and Suppliers will execute the lien waivers and releases.  
 
§ 9.10.3 If, after Substantial Completion of the Work, Final Completion thereof is 
materially delayed through no fault of the Contractor or by issuance of Change Orders 
affecting Final Completion, and the Architect so confirms, the Owner shall, upon 
application by the Contractor and certification by the Architect, and without terminating 
the Contract, make payment of the balance due for that portion of the Work fully 
completed and accepted. If the remaining balance for Work not fully completed or 
corrected is less than retainage stipulated in the Contract Documents, and if bonds have 
been furnished, the written consent of surety to payment of the balance due for that 
portion of the Work fully completed and accepted shall be submitted by the Contractor to 
the Architect prior to certification of such payment. Such payment shall be made under 


===== PAGE 69 =====
 
Initials ___/___ 
 
terms and conditions governing final payment, except that it shall not constitute a waiver 
of claims. 
 
§ 9.10.4 The Owner shall make final payment only for Work that is completed.  The 
making of final payment shall constitute a waiver of Claims by the Owner except those 
arising from: 
.1 liens, Claims previously made in writing and identified by Owner as 
unsettled at the time of final payment, security interests or encumbrances 
arising out of the Contract and unsettled; 
.2 failure of the Work to comply with the requirements of the Contract 
Documents; 
.3 terms of general or special warranties required by the Contract Documents 
and law; or 
.4 latent defects. 
 
§ 9.10.5 Acceptance of final payment by the Contractor, a Subcontractor or material 
supplier shall constitute a waiver of claims by that payee except those previously made in 
writing and identified by that payee as unsettled at the time of final Application for 
Payment. 
 
ARTICLE 10   PROTECTION OF PERSONS AND PROPERTY 
§ 10.1 SAFETY PRECAUTIONS AND PROGRAMS 
§ 10.1.1 The Contractor shall be responsible for initiating, maintaining and supervising 
all safety precautions and programs in connection with the performance of the Contract. 
 
§ 10.2 SAFETY OF PERSONS AND PROPERTY 
§ 10.2.1 The Contractor shall take reasonable precautions for safety of, and shall provide 
reasonable protection to prevent damage, injury or loss to: 
.1 employees on the Work and other persons who may be affected thereby; 
.2     visitors to the Project site;  
.3 the Work and materials and equipment to be incorporated therein, whether in 
storage on or off the site, under care, custody or control of the Contractor or 
the Contractor's Subcontractors or Sub-subcontractors; and 
.4 other property at the site or adjacent thereto, such as trees, shrubs, lawns, 
walks, pavements, roadways, structures and utilities not designated for 
removal, relocation or replacement in the course of construction. 
 
§ 10.2.2 The Contractor shall give notices and comply with applicable laws, ordinances, 
rules, regulations and lawful orders of public authorities bearing on safety of persons or 
property or their protection from damage, injury or loss. 
 
§ 10.2.3 The Contractor shall erect and maintain, as required by existing conditions and 
performance of the Contract, reasonable safeguards for safety and protection, including 
posting danger signs and other warnings against hazards, promulgating safety regulations 
and notifying owners and users of adjacent sites and utilities.  The Contractor shall also 
be responsible for all reasonable measures necessary to protect any property adjacent to 


===== PAGE 70 =====
 
Initials ___/___ 
 
the Project and improvements thereon.  Any damage to such property or improvements 
shall be promptly repaired by the Contractor. 
 
§ 10.2.4 When use or storage of explosives or other hazardous materials or equipment or 
unusual methods are necessary for execution of the Work, the Contractor shall exercise 
utmost care and carry on such activities under supervision of properly qualified 
personnel. 
 
§ 10.2.5 The Contractor shall promptly remedy damage and loss (other than damage or 
loss insured under property insurance required by the Contract Documents) to property 
referred to in §§ 10.2.1.2 and 10.2.1.3 caused in whole or in part by the Contractor, a 
Subcontractor, a Sub-subcontractor, or anyone directly or indirectly employed by any of 
them, or by anyone for whose acts they may be liable and for which the Contractor is 
responsible under §§ 10.2.1.2 and 10.2.1.3, except damage or loss attributable to acts or 
omissions of the Owner or Architect or anyone directly or indirectly employed by either 
of them, or by anyone for whose acts either of them may be liable, and not attributable to 
the fault or negligence of the Contractor. The foregoing obligations of the Contractor are 
in addition to the Contractor's obligations under § 3.18. 
 
§ 10.2.6 The Contractor shall designate a responsible member of the Contractor's 
organization at the site whose duty shall be the prevention of accidents. This person shall 
be the Contractor's superintendent unless otherwise designated by the Contractor in 
writing to the Owner and Architect. 
 
§ 10.2.7 The Contractor shall not load or permit any part of the construction or site to be 
loaded so as to endanger its safety. 
 
§ 10.2.8 During the progress of the Work and at all times prior to the date of Substantial 
Completion or occupancy of the Work by the Owner, whichever is earlier, the Contractor 
shall provide temporary heat, ventilation, and enclosure, adequate to prevent damage to 
completed Work or Work in progress, or to materials stored on the premises. The 
permanent heating and ventilation systems may be used for these purposes (but at the 
Contractor’s sole cost and expense) when available unless otherwise provided in the 
Contract Documents. 
 
§ 10.2.9  The Contractor shall provide and maintain in good operating condition suitable 
and adequate fire protection equipment and services, and shall comply with all reasonable 
recommendations regarding fire protection made by the representatives of the fire 
insurance company carrying insurance on the Work or by the local fire chief for fire 
marshal. The area within the site limits shall be kept orderly and clean, and all 
combustible rubbish shall be promptly removed from the site. 
 
§ 10.2.10 The Contractor shall at all times protect the site, excavations, trenches, 
buildings and materials from rainwater, groundwater, backup or leakage of sewers, drains 
and other piping, and from water due to the Contractor’s and/or Subcontractor’s 
negligence and shall remove promptly the accumulation of water. Contractor shall 


===== PAGE 71 =====
 
Initials ___/___ 
 
provide and operate all pumps, piping and other equipment necessary to this end at his 
sole risk and expense provided such is required because of Contractor’s Work or due to 
the Contractor’s negligent acts or omissions. The Contractor shall also keep the site free 
of accumulation of snow and ice. 
 
§ 10.2.11  Contractor shall take precautions necessary to prevent loss or damage caused 
by vandalism, theft, burglary, pilferage, or unexplained disappearance of property of the 
Owner located within the Project area, whether or not forming part of the Work.  
Contractor shall have full responsibility for the security of such property of the Owner 
located in such areas and shall reimburse the Owner for any such loss, damage or injury, 
except as may be directly caused by agents or employees of the Owner.  
 
§ 10.3 HAZARDOUS MATERIALS 
§ 10.3.1 If reasonable precautions will be inadequate to prevent foreseeable bodily injury 
or death to persons resulting from a material or substance, including but not limited to 
asbestos or polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB), encountered on the site by the Contractor, 
the Contractor shall, upon recognizing the condition, immediately stop Work in the 
affected area and report the condition to the Owner and Architect in writing. The 
Contractor shall have no responsibility for the discovery, presence, handling, removal, 
disposal or exposure of persons to hazardous substances existing in any form at the site 
unless the Contractor or anyone for whom Contractor is liable introduces the hazardous 
substance to the site, or unless the Contract Documents require the abatement and 
removal of said hazardous substances. 
 
§ 10.3.2 The Owner shall obtain the services of a licensed laboratory to verify the 
presence or absence of the material or substance reported by the Contractor and, in the 
event such material or substance is found to be present, to verify that it has been rendered 
harmless. Unless otherwise required by the Contract Documents, the Owner shall furnish 
in writing to the Contractor and Architect the names and qualifications of persons or 
entities who are to perform tests verifying the presence or absence of such material or 
substance or who are to perform the task of removal or safe containment of such material 
or substance. The Contractor and the Architect will promptly reply to the Owner in 
writing stating whether or not either has reasonable objection to the persons or entities 
proposed by the Owner. If either the Contractor or Architect has an objection to a person 
or entity proposed by the Owner, the Owner shall propose another to whom the 
Contractor and the Architect have no reasonable objection. When the material or 
substance has been rendered harmless, Work in the affected area shall resume upon 
written agreement of the Owner and Contractor, on which litigation has not been 
commenced, or by a court decision. The Contract Time shall be extended as appropriate, 
and the Contract Sum shall be increased in the amount of the Contractor's reasonable 
additional costs of shut-down and start-up, which adjustments shall be accomplished as 
provided in Article 7. Any such adjustments made to the Contract Sum in the Owner’s 
discretion shall be construed so as not to conflict with the “No Damages for Delay” 
provision in the Contract. 
 


===== PAGE 72 =====
 
Initials ___/___ 
 
§ 10.3.3 To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Owner shall indemnify and hold 
harmless the Contractor, and its Subcontractors and employees from and against claims, 
damages, losses and expenses, including but not limited to attorneys' fees, arising out of 
or resulting from performance of the Work in the affected area if in fact the material or 
substance presents the risk of bodily injury or death as described in § 10.3.1 and has not 
been rendered harmless, provided that such claim, damage, loss or expense is attributable 
to bodily injury, sickness, disease or death, or to injury to or destruction of tangible 
property (other than the Work itself) and provided that such damage, loss or expense is 
not due to the sole negligence of a party seeking indemnity. 
 
§ 10.4 The Owner shall not be responsible under § 10.3 for materials and substances 
brought to the site by the Contractor unless such materials or substances were required by 
the Contract Documents and were obtained, handled and delivered in accordance with the 
Contract Documents. 
 
§ 10.5 EMERGENCIES 
§ 10.5.1 In an emergency affecting safety of persons or property, the Contractor shall act, 
at the Contractor's discretion, to prevent threatened damage, injury or loss. Additional 
compensation or extension of time claimed by the Contractor on account of an 
emergency shall be determined as provided in § 4.3 and Article 7. 
 
ARTICLE 11    INSURANCE AND BONDS  
THIS ARTICLE NOT USED.  SEE EXHIBIT J TO THE AGREEMENT 
ARTICLE 12   UNCOVERING AND CORRECTION OF WORK 
§ 12.1 UNCOVERING OF WORK 
§ 12.1.1 If a portion of the Work is covered contrary to the Architect's request or to 
requirements specifically expressed in the Contract Documents, it must, if required in 
writing by the Architect, be uncovered for the Architect's examination and be replaced at 
the Contractor's expense without change in the Contract Time. 
 
§ 12.1.2 If a portion of the Work has been covered which the Architect has not 
specifically requested to examine prior to its being covered, the Architect may request to 
see such Work and it shall be uncovered by the Contractor. If such Work is in accordance 
with the Contract Documents, costs of uncovering and replacement shall, by appropriate 
Change Order, be at the Owner's expense. If such Work is not in accordance with the 
Contract Documents, correction shall be at the Contractor's expense unless the condition 
was caused by the Owner or a separate contractor in which event the Owner shall be 
responsible for payment of such costs. 
 
§ 12.2 CORRECTION OF WORK 
§ 12.2.1 BEFORE OR AFTER SUBSTANTIAL COMPLETION 
§ 12.2.1.1 The Contractor shall promptly correct Work rejected by the Architect or failing 
to conform to the requirements of the Contract Documents, whether discovered before or 
after Substantial Completion and whether or not fabricated, installed or completed. Costs 
of correcting such rejected Work, including additional testing and inspections and 
compensation for the Architect's services and expenses made necessary thereby, shall be 


===== PAGE 73 =====
 
Initials ___/___ 
 
at the Contractor's expense, including any cost, loss or damage to the Owner resulting 
from such failure or defect.  If prior to the date of Substantial Completion, the Contractor, 
a Subcontractor, or anyone for whom either is responsible uses or damages any portion of 
the Work, including, without limitation, mechanical, electrical, plumbing, and other 
building systems, machinery, equipment, or other mechanical device, the Contractor shall 
cause such item to be restored to “like new” condition at no expense to the Owner. 
 
§ 12.2.2 AFTER SUBSTANTIAL COMPLETION 
§ 12.2.2.1 In addition to the Contractor's obligations under § 3.5, if, within one year after 
the date of Final Completion of the Work or designated portion thereof, or after the date 
of completion of any corrective work, or after the date for commencement of warranties 
established under § 9.9.1, or by terms of an applicable special warranty required by the 
Contract Documents, whichever is later, any of the Work is found to be not in accordance 
with the requirements of the Contract Documents, the Contractor shall correct it promptly 
after receipt of written notice from the Owner to do so unless the Owner has previously 
given the Contractor an express written acceptance of such condition. The Owner shall 
give such notice to correct non-compliant Work promptly after discovery of the non-
compliant condition. During the applicable period for correction of Work, if the Owner 
fails to notify the Contractor and give the Contractor an opportunity to make the 
correction, the Owner waives the rights to require correction by the Contractor and to 
make a claim for breach of warranty. If the Contractor fails to correct nonconforming 
Work within a reasonable time during that period after receipt of notice from the Owner 
or Architect, the Owner may correct it in accordance with § 2.4. If any latent defect or 
deficiency arises or is discovered which was not active or apparent by reasonable 
inspection during the course of construction or before Substantial Completion is 
achieved, then the applicable period shall be extended by one (1) year after the discovery 
of the latent defect, subject to any applicable statute of repose. 
 
§ 12.2.2.2 The one (1) year period for correction of Work shall be extended with respect 
to portions of Work first performed after Substantial Completion by the period of time 
between Substantial Completion and the actual performance of the Work. 
 
§ 12.2.3 The Contractor shall remove from the site portions of the Work which are not in 
accordance with the requirements of the Contract Documents and are neither corrected by 
the Contractor nor accepted by the Owner. 
 
§ 12.2.4 The Contractor shall bear the cost of correcting destroyed or damaged 
construction, whether completed or partially completed, of the Owner or separate 
contractors caused by the Contractor's correction or removal of Work which is not in 
accordance with the requirements of the Contract Documents. 
 
§ 12.2.5 Nothing contained in this § 12.2 shall be construed to establish a period of 
limitation with respect to other obligations which the Contractor might have under the 
Contract Documents. Establishment of the one (1) year period for correction of Work as 
described in § 12.2.2 relates only to the specific obligation of the Contractor to correct 
the Work, and has no relationship to the time within which the obligation to comply with 


===== PAGE 74 =====
 
Initials ___/___ 
 
the Contract Documents may be sought to be enforced, nor to the time within which 
proceedings may be commenced to establish the Contractor's liability with respect to the 
Contractor's obligations other than specifically to correct the Work. 
 
§ 12.3 ACCEPTANCE OF NONCONFORMING WORK 
§ 12.3.1 If the Owner prefers to accept Work which is not in accordance with the 
requirements of the Contract Documents, the Owner may do so instead of requiring its 
removal and correction, in which case the Contract Sum will be reduced as appropriate 
and equitable. Such adjustment shall be affected whether or not final payment has been 
made. 
 
ARTICLE 13   MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 
 
§ 13.1 LAW AND CODES 
§ 13.1.1  The Contractor shall comply with all laws, codes, ordinances and regulations of 
the state, county, city, and/or municipality where the Project is located (New Jersey) and 
all applicable local jurisdictions therein) that pertain to performance of the Work.   
 
§ 13.2 SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS 
§ 13.2.1 Anti-Assignment Clause: The Contractor shall not assign the Contract without 
the prior, written consent of the Owner.  
 
§ 13.2.2 The Owner may, without consent of the Contractor, assign the Contract to any 
party it deems appropriate. The Contractor shall execute all consents reasonably required 
to facilitate such assignment(s). 
 
§ 13.3 WRITTEN NOTICE 
§ 13.3.1 Written notice shall be deemed to have been duly served if delivered in person to 
the individual or a member of the firm or entity or to an officer of the corporation for 
which it was intended, or if delivered at or sent by registered or certified mail to the last 
business address known to the party giving notice. 
 
§ 13.4 RIGHTS AND REMEDIES 
§ 13.4.1 Duties and obligations imposed by the Contract Documents and rights and 
remedies available thereunder shall be in addition to and not a limitation of duties, 
obligations, rights and remedies otherwise imposed or available by law. 
 
§ 13.4.2 No action or failure to act by the Owner, Architect or Contractor shall constitute 
a waiver of a right or duty afforded them under the Contract, nor shall such action or 
failure to act constitute approval of or acquiescence in a breach hereunder, except as may 
be specifically agreed in writing. 
 
§ 13.4.3 No consent or waiver, express or implied, by the Owner or the Architect to, or 
of, any breach of any covenant, condition or duty of the Contractor shall be construed as 
a consent to or waiver of any other breach of the same or any other covenant, condition or 
duty. Similarly, no consent or waiver, express or implied, by the Contractor to, or of, any 


===== PAGE 75 =====
 
Initials ___/___ 
 
breach of any covenant, condition or duty of the Owner or the Architect shall be 
construed as a consent to or waiver of any other breach of the same or any other 
covenant, condition and/or duty. 
 
§ 13.5 TESTS AND INSPECTIONS 
§ 13.5.1 Tests, inspections and approvals of portions of the Work required by the 
Contract Documents or by laws, ordinances, rules, regulations or orders of public 
authorities having jurisdiction or by the requirements of any construction lender, 
permanent lender or other party with whom the Owner has a relationship (provided that 
such requirement have been disclosed to the Contractor) shall be made at an appropriate 
time. Unless otherwise provided, the Contractor shall make arrangements for, and shall 
schedule and coordinate, all such tests, inspections and approvals with an independent 
testing laboratory or entity acceptable to the Owner, or with the appropriate public 
authority, and shall bear all related costs of tests, inspections and approvals.  The 
Contractor shall give the Architect timely notice of when and where tests and inspections 
are to be made so that the Architect may be present for such procedures. The Owner shall 
bear costs of tests, inspections or approvals which do not become requirements prior to 
the effective date of this Agreement.  The Contractor shall bear all responsibility for 
expressly notifying the Owner and the Architect of any adverse testing or inspection 
results or reports that indicate lack of compliance with the Contract Documents, by 
indicating such lack of compliance clearly and expressly in such communications to the 
Owner and the Architect; mere transmission of testing and inspection reports to the 
Owner or the Architect without such express notification does not satisfy this contractual 
requirement.  Any tests or inspections performed by the Owner are for the Owner’s 
benefit only, and the results of any such tests shall not relieve the Contractor from strictly 
complying with the Contract Documents. 
 
§ 13.5.2 If the Architect, Owner or public authorities having jurisdiction determine that 
portions of the Work require additional testing, inspection or approval not included under 
§ 13.5.1, the Architect will, upon written authorization from the Owner, instruct the 
Contractor to make arrangements for such additional testing, inspection or approval by an 
entity acceptable to the Owner, and the Contractor shall give timely notice to the 
Architect of when and where tests and inspections are to be made so that the Architect 
may be present for such procedures. Such costs, except as provided in § 13.5.3, shall be 
at the Owner's expense. 
 
§ 13.5.3 If such procedures for testing, inspection or approval under §§ 13.5.1 and 13.5.2 
reveal failure of the portions of the Work to comply with requirements established by the 
Contract Documents, all costs made necessary by such failure including those of repeated 
procedures and compensation for the Architect's services and expenses shall be at the 
Contractor's expense. 
 
§ 13.5.4  The Contractor shall obtain and deliver promptly to the Owner any occupancy 
permit or any certificates of final inspection of any part of the Work or operating permits 
of any mechanical apparatus, such as elevators, escalators, boilers, air compressors, etc., 
which may be required by law to permit full use and occupancy of the premises by the 


===== PAGE 76 =====
 
Initials ___/___ 
 
Owner. Receipt of such permits or certificates by the Owner shall be a condition 
precedent to Final Completion of the Work. All fees associated with obtaining the above 
shall be paid by the Contractor. 
 
§ 13.5.5 If the Architect is to observe tests, inspections or approvals required by the 
Contract Documents, the Architect will do so promptly and, where practicable, at the 
normal place of testing. 
 
§ 13.5.6 Tests or inspections conducted pursuant to the Contract Documents shall be 
made promptly to avoid unreasonable delay in the Work. 
 
§ 13.6 INTEREST 
§ 13.6.1 Payments due and unpaid under the Contract Documents shall bear interest from 
the date payment is due at such rate as the parties may agree upon in writing or, in the 
absence thereof, at the legal rate prevailing from time to time at the place where the 
Project is located. 
 
§ 13.7 GENERAL PROVISIONS 
 
§ 13.7.1 All personal pronouns used in this Contract, whether used in the masculine, 
feminine, or neuter gender, shall include all other genders; and the singular shall include 
the plural and vice versa. The titles of articles, paragraphs, subparagraphs and clauses are 
for convenience only, and neither limit nor amplify the provisions of this Contract in 
itself. 
 
§ 13.7.2 Any specific requirement in this Contract that the responsibilities or obligations 
of the Contractor also apply to a Subcontractor is added for emphasis and are also hereby 
deemed to include a Subcontractor of any tier. The omission of a reference to a 
Subcontractor in connection with any of the Contractor’s responsibilities or obligations 
shall not be construed to diminish, abrogate or limit any responsibilities or obligations of 
a Subcontractor of any tier under the Contract Documents or the applicable subcontract. 
 
§ 13.7.3  Any  statute of limitations with regard to a claim by the Owner against the 
Contractor may not commence to run and any alleged cause of action shall not be deemed 
to have accrued until the Owner has discovered the act or failure to act.  
 
ARTICLE 14   TERMINATION OR SUSPENSION OF THE CONTRACT 
§ 14.1 SUSPENSION OR TERMINATION BY THE CONTRACTOR 
 
§ 14.1.1 The Contractor may terminate the Contract upon seven (7) days’ written notice 
to the Owner if the Work has been stopped for a period of ninety (90) consecutive days 
through no act or fault of the Contractor or a Subcontractor, Sub-subcontractor or their 
agents or employees or any other persons or entities performing portions of the Work 
under direct or indirect contract with the Contractor, for any of the following reasons: 
 


===== PAGE 77 =====
 
Initials ___/___ 
 
.1 issuance of an order of a court or other public authority having jurisdiction 
which requires all Work to be stopped; or  
 .2 an act of government, such as a declaration of national emergency which 
requires all Work to be stopped; or 
 .3 if the Work was stopped in accordance with Section 9.7.1. 
. 
§ 14.1.2 The Contractor may terminate the Contract if, through no act or fault of the 
Contractor or a Subcontractor, Sub-subcontractor or their agents or employees or any 
other persons or entities performing portions of the Work under direct or indirect contract 
with the Contractor, repeated suspensions, delays or interruptions of the entire Work by 
the Owner as described in § 14.3 constitute in the aggregate more than one hundred 
percent (100%) of the total number of days scheduled for completion, or ninety (90) days 
in any three hundred sixty-five (365)-day period, whichever is less. 
 
§ 14.1.3 If the Contract is terminated by Contractor under § 14.1.1 or 14.1.2, the 
Contractor shall only recover from the Owner such amount that would be recoverable 
from the Owner in the event of the Owner's termination for convenience under § 14.4 
below. 
 
§ 14.1.4  Notwithstanding any provision here, Contractor shall not stop performance in 
the event there is a bona fide dispute with the Owner regarding any of the reasons set 
forth in § 14.1.1 or 14.1.2.  The performance of the Work shall proceed without delay, 
but subject to Contractor’s right to assert a claim in accordance herewith.  
 
§ 14.2 TERMINATION BY THE OWNER FOR CAUSE  
§ 14.2.1 If the Contractor is adjudged a bankrupt, or if he makes a general assignment for 
the benefit of his creditors or if a receiver is appointed on account of his insolvency, or he 
persistently or repeatedly refuses or fails, except in cases of which extension of time is 
provided, to supply enough properly skilled workmen or proper materials, or if he fails to 
make payment to Subcontractors or for materials or labor as required by the terms of any 
agreement between Contractor and Subcontractor, or persistently disregards laws, 
ordinances, rules, regulations or orders of any public authority having jurisdiction, or if 
he repeatedly fails to meet the Contract  Schedule, or if he otherwise is guilty of a 
substantial violation of a provision of the Contract Documents, then the Owner may, 
without prejudice to any right or remedy and after giving the Contractor and his surety, if 
any, seven (7) days’ written notice, terminate the employment of the Contractor with 
respect to the entire Work or any portion thereof designated by the Owner and take 
possession of the site and of all materials, equipment, tools, construction equipment and 
machinery thereon owned by the Contractor and may finish the Work by whatever 
method he may deem expedient. The Contractor shall not be entitled to receive further 
payment until the Work is finished.  If the Contractor’s employment is terminated with 
respect to a portion of the Work only, he shall continue to perform the balance of the 
Work, but the Owner may withhold from the first sums payable to the Contractor in 
respect thereof an amount reasonable to fully protect Owner from loss.  The withheld 
amount, less any sums that the Owner is entitled to retain under Subparagraph 14.2.2, 
shall be paid to the Contractor when the terminated portion of the Work is completed.   


===== PAGE 78 =====
 
Initials ___/___ 
 
 
§ 14.2.2 In the event of a complete or partial termination, the Contract Sum for the 
portion of the Work affected shall be reduced by the cost of finishing such portion of the 
Work, including compensation for the Architect’s services made necessary thereby and 
any overhead and all other direct costs incurred by the Owner, including, without 
limitation, all reasonable attorney’s fees, additional title costs, insurance, and additional 
interest because of any delay in completing the Work. If the reduction exceeds the unpaid 
balance of such Contract Sum, the Contractor shall pay the difference to the Owner. The 
Owner may at his option withhold and retain the difference from any other sums payable 
to the Contractor in respect of any portion of the Work. If such unpaid balance exceeds 
the reduction, the excess shall be applied as provided in the Agreement. The cost incurred 
by the Owner shall be certified by the Architect, upon application, in the manner 
provided in paragraph 9.4, and this obligation for payment shall survive the termination 
of the Contract. 
 
§ 14.2.3 If the Contractor disputes a termination of its right to perform with respect to a 
portion of the Work and the Owner’s withholding of funds as provided herein, then 
regardless of whether the Owner’s actions are subsequently determined to be wrongful, 
the Contractor shall nevertheless continue to perform the balance of the Work until a final 
determination is made, whereupon the Owner shall pay to the Contractor any additional 
sums to which the Contractor is determined to be entitled. 
 
§ 14.3 SUSPENSION BY THE OWNER FOR CONVENIENCE 
§ 14.3.1 The Owner may, without cause, order the Contractor in writing to suspend or 
interrupt the Work in whole or in part for such period(s) of time as the Owner may 
determine. 
 
§ 14.3.2 The Contract Sum and Contract Time shall be adjusted for increases in the cost 
and time caused by suspension or interruption as described in § 14.3.1. To the extent the 
Contractor has any additional costs attributable to the suspension or interruption as 
described in Subparagraph 14.3.1, the Contractor shall give the Owner written notice of 
such costs as soon as practicable after receiving notice of the suspension or interruption.  
Adjustment of the Contract Sum shall not include profit and shall only include site 
specific costs that affect the critical path of the Work.  Adjustment of the Contract Sum 
shall not include home office charges. No adjustment shall be made to the extent: 
.1 that performance is, was or would have been so suspended or interrupted by 
another cause for which the Contractor is responsible; or 
.2 that an equitable adjustment is made or denied under another provision of the 
Contract. 
This provision shall be construed in conjunction with the “No Damages for Delay” 
provision, and the Contractor agrees that this provision shall not be deemed to conflict 
with or create an ambiguity with such provision.  
 
§ 14.4 TERMINATION BY THE OWNER FOR CONVENIENCE 
§ 14.4.1 Notwithstanding the provisions contained in Article 14 herein, the Owner may 
terminate this Contract for its own convenience and without cause for any reason 


===== PAGE 79 =====
 
Initials ___/___ 
 
whatsoever at any time, even though the Contractor is not in violation of a provision 
under the Contract Documents. If the Owner elects to terminate this Contract for its own 
convenience, the Owner shall notify the Contractor that the Owner has terminated the 
Work under the Contract and shall set the effective date of such termination. Upon 
receipt of any notice of such termination, the Contractor shall (a) immediately cancel all 
existing orders and subcontracts, (b) take all necessary measures for the protection and 
preservation of the property and Work performed hereunder, (c) immediately deliver to 
the Owner all plans, drawings, specifications and other information that was necessary 
for the performance of the Work, and (d) take all necessary actions to prevent further 
costs from being incurred by any person and/or entity performing work or supplying 
materials pursuant to the Contract Documents subsequent to the effective date of 
termination. 
 
§ 14.4.2 In the event the Owner terminates this Contract or a portion thereof pursuant to § 
14.4.1 above, the Owner shall reimburse the Contractor for all actual expenditures and 
costs incurred by the Contractor in the performance of its Work pursuant to the Contract 
Documents up through the date of termination (plus reasonable costs to terminate and 
demobilize as described below), subject to the limitations provided below. 
 
§ 14.4.2.1 The Contractor shall only be entitled to reimbursement for direct expenditures 
and reasonable costs incurred as a result of termination, and for Work actually performed. 
The Contractor shall not be entitled to be reimbursed for any indirect costs or fee for 
work not performed such as home office overhead, indirect field office overhead, interest, 
and settlement costs including, but not limited to, accounting fees. In a case where the 
Contractor intends to incur legal expenses to negotiate or contest a Subcontractor’s and/or 
vendor’s claim, the Contractor will obtain prior written approval from the Owner, which 
approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, to expend funds on legal costs. Legal and/or 
consulting fees shall be limited to reasonable amounts and those approved in writing by 
the Owner. 
 
§ 14.4.2.2 The Contractor shall only be entitled to reimbursement for direct expenditures 
and costs which were incurred prior to the effective date of termination, plus reasonable 
actual demobilization costs. 
 
§ 14.4.2.3 The Contractor shall only be entitled to reimbursement for direct expenditures 
and costs which were reasonably incurred and approved by the Owner. 
 
§ 14.4.3 The amount, if any, to be paid to the Contractor shall not cause the Guaranteed 
Maximum Price to be exceeded, nor shall it exceed an amount calculated as follows: 
 
 § 14.4.3.1 Take the Cost of the Work incurred plus reasonable costs to terminate 
and demobilize as described above by the Contractor to the date of termination; 
 
§ 14.4.3.2 Add the Contractor's Fee computed upon the Cost of the Work to the 
date of termination; and 
 


===== PAGE 80 =====
 
Initials ___/___ 
 
 § 14.4.3.3 Subtract the aggregate of previous payments made by the Owner. 
 
The Owner shall also be credited for: (i) payments previously made to the Contractor for 
the terminated portion of the Work, (ii) claims which the Owner has against the 
Contractor under the Contract and (iii) the sums recovered as fair market value of the 
materials, supplies, equipment or other items that are to be disposed of by the Contractor 
that are part of the Contract Sum.  Contractor shall not be entitled to receive profit and 
overhead on the Work not executed. 
 
§ 14.4.4   Deleted 
 
§ 14.4.5   All obligations of the Contractor under the Contract Documents with respect to 
completed Work shall remain in full force and effect. 
 
§ 14.4.6   Any termination by the Owner or payments made to the Contractor shall be 
without prejudice to any claim or legal remedies which the Owner may have against the 
Contractor for any cause pursuant to the Contract Documents. 
 
§ 14.4.7   All subcontracts and/or purchase orders entered into by the Contractor shall 
include a similar termination for convenience clause. 
 


===== PAGE 81 =====
Drawing # Drawing Name
Document 
Date
Received 
Date
Drawings as prepared by Dynamic Engineering
1 Cover Sheet 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
2 Aerial Map 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
3 Demolition Plan 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
4 Site Plan 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
5 Grading Plan 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
6 Drainage & Utility Plan 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
7 Lighting Plan 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
8 Soil Erosion & Sediment Control Plan 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
9 Soil Erosion Details 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
10 Construction Details 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
11 Construction Details 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
12 Construction Details 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
13 Construction Details 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
14 Construction Details 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
15 Vehicle Circulation Plan - Fire 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
16 Vehicle Circulation Plan - Refuse 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
17 Vehicle Circulation Plan - Delivery 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
LA-1 Landscape Plan 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
LA-2 Landscape Details 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
LA-3 Tree Removal Plan 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
Drawings as prepared by Meyer Architects, Inc
CS Cover Sheet and Drawing Index 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A0.01 General Information 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A0.02 Accessible Mounting Heights and Clearances 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A0.03 Accessibility Data 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A0.04 1st Floor - Code Plan & Code Requirements 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A0.05 2nd & 3rd Floors - Code Plan 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A0.06 Architectural Site Plan 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A0.07 Test Data for Rated Assemblies 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A0.08 Test Data for Rated Assemblies 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A1.00 Foundation Edge Plan 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A1.01 1st Floor - Reference Plan 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A1.01A 1st Floor - West Construction Plan 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A1.01B 1st Floor - East Construction Plan 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A1.02 2nd Floor - Reference Plan 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A1.02A 2nd Floor - West Construction Plan 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A1.02B 2nd Floor - East Wing Construction Plan 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
Drawings
Documentation List
IMC Construction®
May 6, 2022
A-1
EXHIBIT A

===== PAGE 82 =====
Drawing # Drawing Name
Document 
Date
Received 
Date
A1.03 3rd Floor - Reference Plan 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A1.03A 3rd Floor - West Wing Construction Plan 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A1.03B 3rd Floor - East Wing Construction Plan 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A1.11 Roof Plan, Details & Balcony Railings 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A1.21 Enlarged Plans 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A2.01 Overall Building Elevations 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A2.11 Building Elevations - South & West 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A2.12 Building Elevations - North & East 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A2.13 Building Elevations - Front Entrance & MC Courtyard 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A3.01 Building Sections 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A3.11 Wall Sections 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A3.12 Wall Sections 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A3.13 Wall Sections 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A3.14 Wall Sections 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A3.21 Wall Section Details 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A3.22 Wall Section Details 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A3.23 Wall Section Details 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A3.31 Miscellaneous Details 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A3.41 Porte Cochere Plans & Elevations 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A3.42 Porte Cochere & Trash Enclosure Sections & Details 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A4.01 Partition Schedule and Details 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A4.02 Plan and Section Details 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A4.11 Door and Hardware Schedule 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A4.12 Door & Frame Details 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A4.13 Exterior Door Elevations 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A4.21 Window & Louver Schedule 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A4.22 Window Schedule 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A4.31 Fire Penetration Details 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A4.41 Monumental Stair & 2 Story Opening 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A4.42 Stair #2, #3 & #4 Plans and Details 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A4.43 Elevator Plans, Sections & Details 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A5.01 Enl. Unit Plans - Mem. Care -MC-A1 (HC), MC-A2, MC-B1 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A5.02 Enl. Unit Plans - Mem. Care -MC-B1 (HC), MC-C1, MC-C2 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A5.03 Enl. Unit Plans - Mem. Care -MC-D1 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A5.04 Enl. Unit Plans - Mem. Care -MC-E1 (HC), MC-E2 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A5.05 Enl. Unit Plans - Assisted Living - AL-A1, AL-A1 (HC) 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A5.06 Enl. Unit Plans - Assisted Living - AL-B1, AL-B1 (HC) 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A5.07 Enl. Unit Plans - Assisted Living - AL-C1, AL-C2, AL-C3 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A5.08 Enl. Unit Plans - Assisted Living - AL-C4, AL-C5 (HC) 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A5.09 Enl. Unit Plans - Assisted Living - AL-D1, AL-D2, AL-D3 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A5.10 Enl. Unit Plans - Assisted Living - AL-D4, AL-E1, AL-E2 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A5.11 Enl. Unit Plans - Assisted Living - AL-E3, AL-E4 (HC), 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
IMC Construction®
May 6, 2022
A-2

===== PAGE 83 =====
Drawing # Drawing Name
Document 
Date
Received 
Date
A5.12 Enl. Unit Plans - Assisted Living - AL-F2, AL-F3 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A5.13 Enl. Unit Plans - Assisted Living - AL-F3 (HC), AL-F4 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A5.14 Enl. Unit Plans - Assisted Living - AL-G1, AL-G1 (HC) 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A5.15 Enl. Unit Plans - Assisted Living - AL-G2, AL-G3 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A5.16 Resident Entry Elevations 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A5.17 Plumbing & Equipment Specifications 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A5.18 Enlarged Restroom Plans and Details 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A5.20 Interior Elevations 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A5.21 Interior Elevations 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A5.22 Interior Elevations 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A5.23 Interior Elevations 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A5.24 Interior Elevations 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A5.25 Interior Elevations 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A5.26 Interior Elevations 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A5.27 Interior Elevations 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A5.28 Interior Elevations 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A5.30 Interior Sections - Moulding Profiles 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A5.31 Interior Sections & Details -Units & Typ Col Details 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A5.32 Interior Sections & Details 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A5.33 Interior Sections & Details 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A5.34 Interior Sections & Details 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A5.35 Interior Sections & Details 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A5.36 Interior Sections & Details 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A5.37 Interior Sections & Details 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A6.01A 1st Floor -West Wing - Reflected Ceiling Plan 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A6.01B 1st Floor -East Wing - Reflected Ceiling Plan 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A6.02A 2nd Floor -West Wing - Reflected Ceiling Plan 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A6.02B 2nd Floor -East Wing - Reflected Ceiling Plan 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A6.03A 3rd Floor -West Wing - Reflected Ceiling Plan 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A6.03B 3rd Floor -East Wing - Reflected Ceiling Plan 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A6.04 Enlarged Reflected Ceiling Plans 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A7.01A 1st Floor -West Wing -Finish Plan 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A7.01B 1st Floor -East Wing -Finish Plan 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A7.02A 2nd Floor -West Wing -Finish Plan 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A7.02B 2nd Floor -East Wing -Finish Plan 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A7.03A 3rd Floor -West Wing -Finish Plan 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A7.03B 3rd Floor -East Wing -Finish Plan 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A7.10 Finish Schedule 3/11/2022 3/22/2022
A7.11 Finish Schedule 3/11/2022 3/22/2022
A7.12 Room Finish Matrix 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A7.13 Room Finish Matrix 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A8.01A 1st Floor -West Wing - Furniture 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
IMC Construction®
May 6, 2022
A-3

===== PAGE 84 =====
Drawing # Drawing Name
Document 
Date
Received 
Date
A8.01B 1st Floor -East Wing - Furniture 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A8.02A 2nd Floor -West Wing - Furniture 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A8.02B 2nd Floor -East Wing - Furniture Plan 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A8.03A 3rd Floor -West Wing - Furniture Plan 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
A8.03B 3rd Floor -East Wing - Furniture Plan 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
S0.01 Structural Notes, Abbreviations, Symbols and Schedules 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
S0.02 Live Load Plans and Schedules 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
S1.01A Foundation Plan West 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
S1.01B Foundation Plan East 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
S1.02A Level 2 Framing Plan West 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
S1.02B Level 2 Framing Plan East 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
S1.03A Level 3 Framing Plan West 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
S1.03B Level 3 Framing Plan East 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
S1.04A Truss Framing Plan West 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
S1.04B Truss Framing Plan East 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
S2.01 Foundation Typical Details 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
S2.02 Framing Typical Details 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
S3.01 Foundation Sections 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
S4.01 Framing Sections 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
S4.02 Framing Sections 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
S5.01 Brace Frame Elevations 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
S5.02 Brace Frame Elevations and Details 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
M0.00 Mechanical Cover Sheet 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
M0.01 Mechanical First Floor Zoning Plan 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
M0.02 Mechanical Second Floor Zoning Plan 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
M0.03 Mechanical Third Floor Zoning Plan 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
M1.01 Mechanical First Floor Overall Plan 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
M1.01A Mechanical Partial First Floor Plan - West Wing 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
M1.01B Mechanical Partial First Floor Plan-East Wing 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
M1.02 Mechanical Second Floor Overall 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
M1.02A Mechanical Partial Second Floor Plan West Wing 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
M1.02B Mechanical Partial Second Floor Plan 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
M1.03 Mechanical Third Floor Overall 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
M1.03A Mechanical Partial Third Floor Plan 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
M1.03B Mechanical Partial Third Floor Plan - East Wing 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
M1.04 Mechanical Roof Overall Plan 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
M1.04A Mechanical Partial Roof Plan -West Wing 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
M1.04B Mechanical Partial Roof Plan -East Wing 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
M2.01 Mechanical VRF System Zoning First Floor Plan 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
M2.02 Mechanical VRF 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
M2.03 Mechanical VRF System Zoning Third Floor Plan 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
M3.01 Mechanical Schedules 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
IMC Construction®
May 6, 2022
A-4

===== PAGE 85 =====
Drawing # Drawing Name
Document 
Date
Received 
Date
M3.02 Mechanical Schedules 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
M3.03 Mechanical Schedules 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
M3.04 Mechanical Schedules 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
M3.05 Mechanical Schedules 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
M4.01 Mechanical Equipment Schedules 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
M4.02 Mechanical Equipment Schedules 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
M5.01 Mechanical Details 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
M5.02 Mechanical Details 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
M5.03 Mechanical Details 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
M6.01 Kitchen Exhaust Hood Details 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
M6.02 Kitchen Exhaust Hood Details 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
M6.03 Kitchen Hood Fire Suppression System Details 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
M6.04 Kitchen Hood Fire Suppression 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
M6.05 Kitchen Hood Control Details 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
M6.06 Kitchen Hood Controls Details 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
M7.01 Mechanical VRF System Schematic 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
P0.00 Plumbing Cover Sheet 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
P1.01A Domestic Water & Gas First Floor Plan West Wing 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
P1.01B Domestic Water & Gas First Floor Plan East Wing 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
P1.02A Domestic Water & Gas Second Floor Plan West Wing 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
P1.02B Plan East Wing 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
P1.03A Domestic Water & Gas Third Floor Plan West Wing 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
P1.03B Domestic Water & Gas Third Floor Plan East Wing 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
P2.01A Sanitary & Storm Drainage First Floor West Wing 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
P2.01B Sanitary & Storm Drainage First Floor East Wing 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
P2.02A Sanitary & Storm Drainage Second Floor West Wing 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
P2.02B Sanitary & Storm Drainage Second Floor East Wing 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
P2.03A Sanitary & Storm Drainage Third Floor West Wing 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
P2.03B Sanitary & Storm Drainage Third Floor East Wing 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
P2.04A West Wing 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
P2.04B Sanitary & Storm Drainage Roof East Wing 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
P3.01 Sanitary Enlarged Unit Plans 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
P3.02 Sanitary Enlarged Unit Plans Cont. 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
P3.03 Domestic Water Enlarged Unit 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
P3.04 Domestic Water Enlarged Unit Plans Cont. 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
P3.05 Plumbing Partial Enlarged Plans 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
P4.01 Domestic Water and Gas Riser 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
P4.02 Domestic Water 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
P4.03 Domestic Water Riser Diagrams 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
P4.04 Domestic Water Riser Diagrams 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
P5.01 Sanitary and Grease Waste Riser Diagrams 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
P5.02 Sanitary and Storm Drainage Riser Diagrams 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
IMC Construction®
May 6, 2022
A-5

===== PAGE 86 =====
Drawing # Drawing Name
Document 
Date
Received 
Date
P5.03 Sanitary and Storm Drainage Riser Diagrams 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
P5.04 Sanitary Drainage Riser Diagrams 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
P6.01 Plumbing Details 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
P7.01 Plumbing Schedules 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
P7.02 Plumbing Schedules 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
PUC-1 Plumbing Utility Coordination Plan West Wing 10/15/2021 10/15/2021
PUC-2 Plumbing Coordination Plan - East Wing 10/15/2021 10/15/2021
E0.00 Electrical Cover Sheet 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
E0.01 Electrical Site Plan 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
E0.02 Electrical Site Details 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
E1.01 Electrical First Floor Lighting Plan 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
E1.01A Electrical First Floor Lighting Plan - West Wing 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
E1.01B Electrical First Floor Lighting Plan - East Wing 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
E1.02 Electrical Second Floor Lighting Plan 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
E1.02A Electrical Second Floor Lighting Plan - West Wing 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
E1.02B Electrical Second Floor Lighting Plan - East Wing 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
E1.03 Electrical Third Floor Lighting Plan 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
E1.03A Electrical Third Floor Lighting Plan - West Wing 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
E1.03B Electrical Third Floor Lighting Plan - East Wing 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
E2.01 Electrical First Floor Power Plan 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
E2.01A Electrical First Floor Power Plan - 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
E2.01B Electrical First Floor Power Plan - East Wing 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
E2.02 Electrical Second Floor Power Plan 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
E2.02A Electrical Second Floor Power Plan - West Wing 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
E2.02B Electrical Second Floor Power Plan - East Wing 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
E2.03 Electrical Third Floor Power Plan 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
E2.03A Electrical Third Floor Power Plan - West Wing 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
E2.03B Electrical Third Floor Power Plan - East Wing 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
E2.04 Electrical Roof Power Plan 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
E2.04A Electrical Roof Power Plan - West Wing 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
E2.04B Electrical Roof Power Plan - East Wing 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
E3.01 Electrical Enlarged Residential Plans 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
E3.02 Electrical Enlarged Residential Plans 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
E3.03 Electrical Enlarged Residential Plans 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
E3.04 Electrical Enlarged Residential Plans 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
E3.06 Electrical Enlarged Common Areas Plan 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
E3.07 Enlarged Utility & IDF Room Plans 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
E4.01 Electrical Single Line Diagram 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
E5.01 Electrical Panel Schedules 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
E5.02 Electrical Panel Schedules 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
E5.03 Electrical Panel Schedules 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
E5.04 Electrical Panel Schedules 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
IMC Construction®
May 6, 2022
A-6

===== PAGE 87 =====
Drawing # Drawing Name
Document 
Date
Received 
Date
E5.05 Electrical Panel Schedules 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
E5.06 Electrical Light Fixture Schedule 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
E6.01 Electrical Details 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
E6.02 Electrical Details 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
E6.03 Electrical Details 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
E6.04 Electrical Details 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
F0.00 Fire Protection Cover Sheet & Details 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
F1.01A Fire Protection First Floor Plan 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
F1.01B Fire Protection First Floor Plan East Wing 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
F1.02A Fire Protection Second Floor Plan West Wing 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
F1.02B Fire Protection Second Floor Plan East Wing 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
F1.03A Fire Protection Third Floor Plan West Wing 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
F1.03B Fire Protection Third Floor Plan East Wing 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
FN0.00 Fire Alarm/Nurse Call Cover Sheet 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
FN1.01 Electrical First Floor Fire Alarm Nurse Call Plan 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
FN1.01A Electrical First Floor Alarm Nurse Call West Wing 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
FN1.01B Electrical First Floor Fire Alarm Nurse Call East Wing 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
FN1.02 Electrical Second Floor Fire Alarm Nurse Call 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
FN1.02A Electrical Second Floor Fire Alarm Nurse Call West Wing 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
FN1.02B Electrical Second Floor Fire Alarm Nurse Call East Wing 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
FN1.03 Electrical Third Floor Fire Alarm Nurse Call 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
FN1.03A Electrical Third Floor Fire Alarm Nurse Call West Wing 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
FN1.03B Electrical Third Floor Fire Alarm Nurse Call East Wing 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
FN2.01 Fire Alarm Riser Diagram 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
FS-1 1st Floor Foodservice Equipment Plan 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
FS-1D 1st Floor FS Equipment Details 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
FS-1E 1st Floor FS Electrical Spot Connection Plan 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
FS-1M 1st Floor FS Mechanical Spot Connection Plan 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
FS-1SC 1st Floor FS Special Conditions Plan 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
FS-1UL 1st Floor FS Utility Load Schedule 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
FS-1V1 1st Floor FS Equipment Ventilator Details 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
FS-1V2 1st Floor FS Equipment Ventilator Details 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
FS-1V3 1st Floor FS Equipment Ventilator Details 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
FS-1V4 1st Floor FS Equipment Ventilator 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
FS-1V5 1st Floor FS Equipment Ventilator Details 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
FS-1V6 1st Floor Foodservice Equipment Ventilator Details 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
SRP-1 Solar Roof Plan 10/15/2021 10/15/2021
LV0.00 Low Voltage Cover Sheet 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
LV1.01A First Floor Low Voltage - West Wing 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
LV1.01B First Floor Low Voltage - East Wing 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
LV1.02A Second Floor Low Voltage - West Wing 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
LV1.02B Second Floor Low Voltage - East Wing 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
IMC Construction®
May 6, 2022
A-7

===== PAGE 88 =====
Drawing # Drawing Name
Document 
Date
Received 
Date
LV1.03A Third Floor Low Voltage - West Wing 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
LV1.03B Third Floor Low Voltage - East Wing 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
LV2.00 Low Voltage Details 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
LV2.01 Distributed Antenna System Riser Diagram 3/11/2022 3/21/2022
Document 
Date
Received 
Date
Dec 2020 3/21/2022
3/11/2022 3/21/2022
3/11/2022 4/11/2022
undated 4/15/2022
Project Manual prepared by Meyer Architects including 
Mechanical/Electrical/Plumbing, Structural, and Food Service 
Project Manual prepared by Meyer Architects Div 01-12, and 14
Specification Sections 080671, 081113, and 087100 forwarded by Paul 
Butala/Meyer Architects
Specifications and Other Documentation
Document Name
Report of Geotechnical Exploration prepared by GTA
IMC Construction®
May 6, 2022
A-8

===== PAGE 89 =====
Capitol Seniors Housing – West Orange, NJ 
Qualifications and Clarifications  
IMC Construction® 
June 14Februar, 2023  
Qualifications and Clarifications 
 
GENERAL 
1. Proposal based on a merit shop project. 
2. Building Permit Fees are to be by Owner.  Trade Permit Fees included as a Not to Exceed Allowance. 
3. Builder’s Risk is included as an allowance. 
4. Gross receipts taxes and, business privilege taxes are not included 
5. Testing and inspections to be provided by the Owner.  IMC specifically includes coordination with 3rd 
party special inspectors for timely site visits to maintain project schedule.  
6. Except as specifically required to be Contractor design responsibility, Owner to provide all design 
and engineering services including Architectural, Structural, MEP, and Civil drawings adequate for 
construction permits.  All designs are assumed to be code compliant and comply with all fire 
ratings.  All design to be coordinated between all consultants. 
7. ALTA survey is excluded. 
8. Subcontractor Default Insurance is included within trades. 
9. We have assumed Contractor can present an “or equal” “non-proprietary” product for all products 
subject to reasonable approval by Architect at time of submittal.  All products included in 
manufacturer’s standard colors and finishes unless otherwise specified in Contract Documents.  The 
‘‘or equal” “non-proprietary” items, when submitted, shall include the cost and lead time variance, if 
applicable, as part of the substitution approval process.  These substitutions are subject to approval 
by Owner, which will not be unreasonably withheld.  
10. Subcontractor Insurance is included in schedule of values. 
11. Owner FF&E is excluded except for where Contract Documents specifically call for Contractor to 
provide (labor and/or installation). 
12. Dumpsters for Owners FF&E are excluded.  
13. Temporary site perimeter fencing is included.  Site security guard during normal or off-hours, sensors, 
cameras, police used for means of security, and off-hours labor or supervision for security purposes 
are excluded. 
14. Temporary utility consumption fees are included as an Owner Directed Allowance. 
15. Winter and temporary weather conditions such as temporary heating, cooling, 
dehumidification, snow / ice / rain removal, temporary partitions / plastic etc., winter additives 
and surcharges and associated provisions are included as an allowance. 
16. Insurance is based on IMC CCIP Insurance Program. 
17.  This budget reflects current market prices as of February 7, 2023 and does not allow for 
unusual price escalations.  Provided Contractor expeditiously locks in all subcontractor and 
vendor pricing upon receipt of the Notice to Proceed, the GMP shall be equitably adjusted 
for any extreme market driven price changes beyond Contractor’s control, defined as an 
industrywide price increase by suppliers after February 7, 2023 that can be documented, 
substantiated, and is otherwise unavoidable.  Contractor is not aware of any industrywide 
price increase between February 7, 2023 and May 31, 2023 affecting GMP.  Based on a 
Limited NTP dated March 3, 2023 and June 2, 2023, , IMC has issued LOI’s to the below 
EXHIBIT B
B-1

===== PAGE 90 =====
Capitol Seniors Housing – West Orange, NJ 
Qualifications and Clarifications  
IMC Construction® 
June 14Februar, 2023  
listed scopes of work, These Subcontractors/vendors are released on a limited basis based 
on the current Construction schedule with an NTC date of June 30, 2023 have absorbed any 
escalation from our original GMP date to June 9 ,, 2023.  
• Sitework and demolition 
• Electrical 
• HVAC 
• Plumbing 
• Fire Protection 
• Structural Steel and Misc Metals 
• Carpentry/LGMF/Drywall 
• Precast Concrete 
• Wood Roof Trusses 
• Food Service Equipment 
• Cast in Place Concrete 
• Elevators 
18. IMC contract administration i.e., RFIs, submittals, document control, etc. will be managed 
via Procore. 
19. We have assumed that the price, supply, and availability of labor and materials will not be 
altered by any event or condition beyond the reasonable control of the Contractor. 
20. All Value Management items identified in Exhibit F(b) to be clarified by incorporation into 
design documents or as agreed otherwise between Owner, Architect, and Contractor to 
effectively clarify specific intent and details of the Value Management modification to 
current documents. 
21. Project schedule reflects a typical 3-day turnaround for all scheduled Authority Having 
Jurisdiction inspections based on the posted inspector availability as of May 3, 2023 and 
confirmed by Township office.  Repeated deviations by Authorities Having Jurisdiction to 
comply with these posted procedures are not included.  Field changes directed by 
Authority Having Jurisdiction that deviate from design documents are not included. 
Repeated failures by the Contractor to not have the work ready for inspection, will negate 
the inspector availability portion of this clause for the remaining project duration.  
22. Preconstruction costs not to exceed $150,000  are funded from within GMP amount, 
except for delay period between May 1, 2023  through “until Demo permit is issued, or 
work on Demo is allowed to begin” as noted in the June 2, 2023 Extended NTP 6/2/23 email. 
 
CIVIL 
1. Natural gas service shall be provided by the Utility Company to the building. 
B-2

===== PAGE 91 =====
Capitol Seniors Housing – West Orange, NJ 
Qualifications and Clarifications  
IMC Construction® 
June 14Februar, 2023  
2. Trenching and backfill for gas service is included 
3. Utility Company to provide primary cabling and termination at the utility pole and furnish / 
install the site transformer. Vault and conduit by Contractor. 
4. Utility meters to be provided and installed by respective Utility Companies.  Installation only of water 
meter is included. 
5. All Utility Company fees are excluded.  Consumption utility costs included as allowance and noted in 
‘’General’’ qualifications section. 
6. Fire hydrants are not shown and are excluded. 8” x 8” and 8” x 4” wet taps are included into the 
existing water service mains, as no sizing is shown on the existing main.  
7. Removal, replacement, or relocation of utilities, utility poles, or other utility infrastructure 
and associated conditions is excluded, unless shown or noted in Contract. Poles and lights are 
owned by Utility Company.  
8. Existing gazebo is assumed to be demolished and removed from site. 
9. Assumes spoils from footings to be reused as fill. 
10. Off-site improvements not indicated in Contract Documents are excluded.  IMC specifically includes 
site demo, grading, and seed of adjacent property 619 Eagle Rock Avenue.  
11. DOT fees, impact fees, inspection fees, right-of-way, and escrow accounts are excluded.  
12. Assumes all retaining walls are to be standard modular sizes; does not include any oversized block 
retaining walls. 
13. Landscaping / Irrigation: Excludes water booster pumps. 
14. One (1) Ultrasite Model# 974-S4 bench is included, specification was not provided. 
15. All excavation is included as classified. 
16. Rock removal is excluded. 
17. Over excavation, removal, or replacement of unsuitable or un-useable soils is included as an 
allowance. 
18. Existing site soils, excluding topsoil, are assumed to be acceptable fill material (without need for 
additional handling, conditioning, or work). 
19. Sinkhole remediation is excluded. 
20. Continuous Dewatering systems, i.e., well points are excluded.  Dewatering of storm run-off 
in trenches and excavations is included.  
21. Removal, replacement, or relocation of concealed or uncharted conditions are excluded.  
22. Handling, removal, abatement, or disposal of hazardous or contaminated materials is excluded. 
Included is ACM noted in ESA Phase1 (glue dots, etc.). 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ARCHITECTURAL 
1. Any requirements for AISC certification are excluded.  This does not relieve Contractor from 
B-3

===== PAGE 92 =====
Capitol Seniors Housing – West Orange, NJ 
Qualifications and Clarifications  
IMC Construction® 
June 14Februar, 2023  
completing scope to the required standards.  
2. AWI Certification is excluded.  This does not relieve Contractor from completing scope to the required 
standards. 
3. Fire treated requirements for millwork and wood trim is excluded.  
4. Excludes fire rated glass at door # 3002 and any 1-hr type B doors, not available as intended.   
5. Intumescent paint is included at elevator support plates only.  Intumescent paint may be provided as 
an alternate to GWB encasement of structural members if applicable. 
6. Excludes mock-ups of all separate joint assemblies per Specification 079200/,1.6, D.  Joint 
sealants will be included at the two (2) exterior mock-ups shown on A2.13. 
7. Excludes Specification section 083495 Perimeter Fabric Fire Barrier Enclosure as this scope is 
not shown on the drawings.  Excludes fire curtains at elevator entry doors as shown on E6.01; 
fire curtains are only included per the Architectural drawings.  
8. Fire Curtains are included according to a UL 10D fire protection rating in lieu of UL 10B per 
specification section 083493 Overhead Coiling Fabric Fire Curtains. 
9. Excludes delegated design of any glazing per Specification 088000, 2.2, B.  
10. Includes D3 windows as operable windows; but not motorized or tied into the smoke 
evacuation system as vinyl windows are not available with motorized operation per 
manufacturers.  Includes $40,000 Owner-Directed Allowance to incorporate aluminum, 
operable windows and associated changes based on scope of work completed at CSH – 
Marlton. 
11. Level 4 finish is included on interior exposed drywall surfaces.  Level 5 upgrades are excluded except 
where specifically called out in the Contract Documents.  Excludes general notes where specific 
location cannot be reasonably determined. 
12. Excludes Fire Track Shadowline wall track; includes standard slip track only.  
13. Excludes Note 9 on drawings A7.01A-A7.03.B regarding the F-25 border to match ceiling, as this 
is not called out on the drawings.  
14. Excludes mockup of wall coverings. 
15. Cabinets based on Regent Painted Shaker Line, or equal.  Assumption is unit vanities are similar to 
the CAB-1 Advanta Rutledge Kitchenette Cabinets. 
16. Countertops are included as Level 1 quartz. IMC is providing 3cm thick tops for the kitchens and 
2cm thick tops for the vanities with 4-inch-high splashes to mimic material provided on previous 
CSH projects. 
17. Painting of sprinkler piping is excluded unless exposed in living areas.   Painting is included in all egress 
stair towers. 
18.  Standard color / finish code-required signage at public restrooms, stair towers, MEP code signage, 
and elevators ONLY is included. 
19. Mitigation of excessive moisture in concrete slabs is not included. 
20. Exterior patio doors are 8’ Tall Andersen E Series doors with no separate transoms or sidelites. 
21. Includes Schindler 3100 MRL, 3,500 lb capacity, 100 FPM passenger elevators.  Handrails on the car 
sides are included as brushed aluminum as stainless steel rails are not available.  
22. Includes Environmental Stone as the basis of design for all exterior stone veneer. 
23. Includes Continental Commercial Laundry Equipment in lieu of Unimac. 
 
B-4

===== PAGE 93 =====
Capitol Seniors Housing – West Orange, NJ 
Qualifications and Clarifications  
IMC Construction® 
June 14Februar, 2023  
 
MECHANICAL, ELECTRICAL, PLUMBING, AND SPRINKLER 
1. Excludes elevator cab air purifiers, ERU battery lowering devices. 
2. Sprinkler coverage of ceiling to floor and ceiling to roof interstitial spaces, within roof trusses, at 
mansard roofs, and pre-action fire suppression systems are excluded.   
3. Seismic restraints and bracing are excluded. Except as specifically located on mechanical plans and 
specifications.  
4. Excludes any requirements related to the NY Health Department referenced in the Fire Protection 
Specifications. 
5. Heat tracing of kitchen waste, or other piping, is excluded unless Contractor deviation of intended 
routing requires it.  Heat tracing is included at kitchen walk-in equipment ONLY. 
6. Radon gas mitigation system is excluded.  
7. Domestic water distribution for interior main and branch lines is included as CPVC.  Domestic hot 
water piping in HWH room to be copper per specifications. 
8. PEX or CPVC piping will be utilized in living units and runouts to fixtures. 
9. Domestic water main piping will be insulated.  Hot water supply and recirculation piping is to 
be insulated. 
10. Includes Best Bath shower units in lieu of the specified Commercial Comfort showers.  
11. Includes Roto twist remote damper controls at linear diffusers in common area hard ceilings only. 
12. Includes fire and fire / smoke dampers at fire rated walls only as shown on the mechanical 
drawings. 
13. Polyolefin duct liner or flexible elastomeric ductwork insulation per Specification Section 230700 
3.19 is excluded, and standard fiberglass duct wrap is included instead. 
14. Ceiling radiation dampers are excluded.  
15. Duct leak testing is excluded except for the kitchen hood exhaust duct and sample sections of 
the energy recovery unit duct mains.  Smoke evacuation duct testing shall be a code mandated 
requirement and shall be included. 
16. Condensate drain piping included as PVC and is not insulated, unless routed in areas such as walk in 
freezer, etc.  
17. Plenum box, hard ducting, and filtered return modification of Unit VTAC plenum returns within 
VTAC closets is included as an Owner-Directed Allowance.   
18. Cable TV and telecommunication transmission services to be provided by Utility Companies. 
19. Concrete encasement of Primary PVC conduits is excluded. 
20. Concrete-encasement of secondary services are excluded. 
21. A building perimeter grounding loop and a lightning protection system is excluded. 
22. Standard MC cable cabling is included as allowed by Code. 
23. Hospital-grade receptacles in resident rooms, or type HCFMC cable, is excluded. 
24. Lighting and receptacle circuits - MC and AC cable may be used where allowed by NEC. 
25. Fire alarm wiring will be installed with free-air cabling in concealed locations.  Penetrations through 
walls with conduit (as noted on plans) shall be included. 
26. Additional FA work required by local authorities is included as a PACA, additional AHJ requirements 
B-5

===== PAGE 94 =====
Capitol Seniors Housing – West Orange, NJ 
Qualifications and Clarifications  
IMC Construction® 
June 14Februar, 2023  
outside of that value are excluded unless required by code and reasonably discernable by code 
requirements. 
27. Includes tele / data site conduits with (3) 4” diameter PVC empty conduits as shown on Civil Sheet 6 
labeled as UGET.  All service cabling will be by local Utility Company.  
28. Concrete encasement of tele / data conduit is excluded. 
29. The Owner's low voltage tele / data and TV service providers will be furnishing and installing 
headend equipment, UPS, network switches, and as otherwise noted. All costs / fees for tele / data 
services and service entrance / riser cabling are excluded. 
30. Backboxes and empty conduit are included for low voltage systems as required for installation 
sequencing only, and as required by applicable code.    
31. Area of Rescue Assistance system is not included. 
 
VALUE MANAGEMENT – EXHIBIT f(b) 
 
1. VM Target Costs include all markup and insurances; VM item savings does not impact IMC 
Fee total 
2. VM Target Costs do not consider Owner’s cost for re-design 
3. Items listed as Accepted are confirmed by Owner and Design team 
4. Exhibit f(b) includes estimated target values.  If target savings are not achieved, the owner 
will execute an add/deduct change order to IMC for the change from  the target number. 
5. Target savings values assume that clarification and reconciliation of all line items and final 
costs are complete and approved within 90 days of GMP Agreement execution. 
6. The additional VM scope information dated 05/27/23 incorporated within this Exhibit ‘F(b)’ 
breakdown is for reference only to establish a baseline understanding of intended VM scope 
target values.  Current design documentation shall be utilized for final VM savings. 
 
GENERAL CONDITIONS BREAKDOWN – EXHIBIT H 
 
1. Surveyors, laborers, temporary protection, dumpsters, temporary utility connections & 
clean-up are considered reimbursable trade costs 
2. We have assumed that utility consumption costs, envelope consultant, testing & inspections 
will be provided by Owner 
3. Staff assigned to project are reimbursable whether onsite or at IMC Home Office 
General Requirements Breakdown is provided for accounting purposes only 
BUDGET SUMMARY – EXHIBIT I 
 
This GMP includes estimated credits (identified as target costs in Exhibit F(b)).  If target savings 
are not achieved, the owner will execute an add/deduct change order, as applicable to IMC for 
the increase/decrease over and above the target number. 
B-6

===== PAGE 95 =====
Activity ID Activity Name Original 
Duration 
Start Finish 
Capitol Seniors Housing - West Orange, NJ (82 Units/83,600sf) 2023-06-02 - GMP Capitol Seniors Housing - West Orange, NJ (82 Units/83,600sf) 2023-06-02 - GMP 422 03-Apr-23 A 02-Jan-25 
Project Summary & Milestones Project Summary & Milestones 349 19-Aug-23 02-Jan-25 
HM10060 CONSTRUCTION SUMMARY 473 19-Aug-23 03-Dec-24 
HM10000 SITEWORK / FOUNDATIONS / SOG SUMMARY 94 21-Aug-23 03-Jan-24 
HM10010 STRUCTURE SUMMARY 70 04-Jan-24 10-Apr-24 
HM10040 INTERIOR FITOUT SUMMAR Y 172 27-Feb-24 28-Oct-24 
HM10020 AVB / WINDOWS / ROOFING SUMMARY 20 25-Apr-24 22-May-24 
HM10030 EXTERIOR ENCLOSURE SUMMARY 60 25-Apr-24 19-Jul-24 
HM10050 LOCAL INSPECTION SUMMAR Y 16 11-Nov-24 03-Dec-24 
MS99990 SUBST ANTIAL COMPLETION 0 03-Dec-24 
MS99999 FINAL COMPLETION 0 02-Jan-25 
Permitting / Regulatory Approvals Permitting / Regulatory Approvals 259 10-Apr-23 A 10-May-24 
PE10020 Building Permit Submission / Approval 20 01-Aug-23 28-Aug-23 
PE10050 Demolition Permit Submission / Approval 20 01-Aug-23 28-Aug-23 
PSE&G PSE&G 259 10-Apr-23 A 10-May-24 
S10410 PSE&G Service Request Update 30 10-Apr-23 A 14-Jul-23 
PE10060 PSE&G Utility Shut Off Request 1 16-Jun-23 16-Jun-23 
PE10070 PSE&G Utility Shut-Off & Receipt of Letter (PSE&G Estimated T imeline 6-7wks) 30 19-Jun-23 31-Jul-23 
S10120 PSE&G Review / Approve - Electrical Gear Submittal 20 17-Jul-23 11-Aug-23 
S10250 Procure PSE&G T ransformer (By Others: 6 Month Placeholder  Duration TBD) 120 14-Aug-23 01-Feb-24 
PE10080 PSE&G Inspect Primary UG Conduit 5 21-Dec-23 28-Dec-23 
PE10180 Backfill UG Conduit 2 29-Dec-23 02-Jan-24 
PE10190 Form / Pour Transformer Pad 3 03-Jan-24 05-Jan-24 
PE10090 PSE&G Inspect T ransformer Pad 15 08-Jan-24 26-Jan-24 
PE10100 Set Transfor mer 15 02-Feb-24 22-Feb-24 
PE10200 Secondary Wiring 10 23-Feb-24 07-Mar-24 
PE10110 AHJ Inspection / Cut in Card 5 08-Mar-24 14-Mar-24 
PE10120 PSE&G Inspect Wiring 10 15-Mar-24 28-Mar-24 
PE10130 CT Fab / Deliver / Install 10 29-Mar-24 11-Apr-24 
PE10140 PSE&G Inspect CT 5 12-Apr-24 18-Apr-24 
PE10150 Release Meters for Install 3 19-Apr-24 23-Apr-24 
PE10170 Install Meters 3 24-Apr-24 26-Apr-24 
PE10160 PSE&G Final Connections 10 29-Apr-24 10-May-24 
IMC Budgetting IMC Budgetting 25 08-May-23 A 12-Jun-23 
P10070 IMC Prepare IFC Pricing 25 08-May-23 A 12-Jun-23 
Owner Approvals Owner Approvals 10 13-Jun-23 26-Jun-23 
O10070 Owner Review / Approve IFC Pricing 10 13-Jun-23 26-Jun-23 
C102000 Property Closing 0 15-Jun-23* 
IMC Procurement IMC Procurement 282 03-Apr-23 A 13-Jun-24 
Subcontract Awards Subcontract Awards 48 08-May-23 A 14-Jul-23 
B10040 Final Award Concrete / Foundations 20 08-May-23 A 05-Jun-23 
B10080 Final Award Elevators 15 08-May-23 A 05-Jun-23 
B10050 Final Award Roofing 10 23-May-23 A 21-Jun-23 
B10000 Bid / Award Remaining Subcontracts 30 02-Jun-23 14-Jul-23 
Prepare Submittals Prepare Submittals 98 03-Apr-23 A 25-Sep-23 
May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec Jan 
2023 2024 2025 2026 
02-Jan-25, Capitol Seniors Housing - West Orange, NJ (82 Units/83,600sf) 2023-06-02 - GMP 
02-Jan-25, Project Summary & Milestones 
CONSTRUCTION SUMMARY 
SITEWORK / FOUNDATIONS / SOG SUMMARY 
STRUCTURE SUMMARY 
INTERIOR FITOUT SUMMAR Y 
AVB / WINDOWS / ROOFING SUMMARY 
EXTERIOR ENCLOSURE SUMMARY 
LOCAL INSPECTION SUMMAR Y 
SUBST ANTIAL COMPLETION 
FINAL COMPLETION 
10-May-24, Permitting / Regulatory Approvals 
Building Permit Submission / Approval 
Demolition Permit Submission / Approval 
10-May-24, PSE&G 
PSE&G Service Request Update 
PSE&G Utility Shut Off Request 
PSE&G Utility Shut-Off & Receipt of Letter (PSE&G Estimated T imeline 6-7wks) 
PSE&G Review / Approve - Electrical Gear Submittal 
Procure PSE&G T ransformer (By Others: 6 Month Placeholder  Duration TBD) 
PSE&G Inspect Primary UG Conduit 
Backfill UG Conduit 
Form / Pour Trans former Pad 
PSE&G Inspect T ransformer Pad 
Set Transfor mer 
Secondary Wiring 
AHJ Inspection / Cut in Card 
PSE&G Inspect Wiring 
CT Fab / Deliver / Install 
PSE&G Inspect CT 
Release Meters for Install 
Install Meters 
PSE&G Final Connections 
12-Jun-23, IMC Budgetting 
IMC Prepare IFC Pricing 
26-Jun-23, Owner Approvals 
Owner Review / Approve IFC Pricing 
Property Closing 
13-Jun-24, IMC Procurement 
14-Jul-23, Subcontract Awards 
Final Award Concrete / Foundations 
Final Award Elevators 
Final Award Roofing 
Bid / Award Remaining Subcontracts 
25-Sep-23, Prepare Submittals 
Capitol Seniors Housing - West Orange, NJ (82 Units/83,600sf) 2023-06-02 - GMP Project Schedule Schedule Print Date: 12-Jun-23 15:20 
Schedule Data Date: 02-Jun-23  
Remaining Level of Effort 
Actual Level of Effort 
Actual Work 
Remaining Work 
Critical Remaining Work 
Milestone 
© IMC Construction. This schedule is for informational purposes only.
Page: 1 of 8  
C-1
EXHIBIT C

===== PAGE 96 =====
Activity ID Activity Name Original 
Duration 
Start Finish 
S10070 Prepare / Submit Materials - Sitework 10 03-Apr-23 A 08-Jun-23 
S10190 Prepare / Submit Electrical 35 03-Apr-23 A 15-Jun-23 
S10210 Prepare / Submit Plumbing 35 08-May-23 A 26-Jun-23 
S10050 Prepare / Submit Metal Framing / Structural Steel 30 02-Jun-23 14-Jul-23 
S10180 Prepare / Submit Mechanical 35 02-Jun-23 21-Jul-23 
S10220 Prepare / Submit Drywall / Carpentry 20 02-Jun-23 29-Jun-23 
S10230 Prepare / Submit Site Sanitary Piping 10 02-Jun-23 15-Jun-23 
S10130 Prepare / Submit Materials - Precast Plank 40 02-Jun-23 28-Jul-23 
S10080 Prepare / Submit Materials - Concrete / Rebar 10 06-Jun-23 19-Jun-23 
S10100 Prepare / Submit Elevators 10 06-Jun-23 19-Jun-23 
S10090 Prepare / Submit Materials - Roofing 10 22-Jun-23 06-Jul-23 
S10040 Prepare / Submit 50 17-Jul-23 25-Sep-23 
S10240 Prepare / Submit Residential Casework 30 17-Jul-23 25-Aug-23 
Review & A pprove Review & A pprove 98 24-May-23 A 09-Oct-23 
S10300 Review / Approve Materials - Electrical Gear 10 24-May-23 A 07-Jun-23 
S10270 Review / Approve Materials - Sitework 10 02-Jun-23 15-Jun-23 
S10310 Review / Approve Electrical 10 16-Jun-23 29-Jun-23 
S10280 Review / Approve Site Sanitary Piping 10 16-Jun-23 29-Jun-23 
S10330 Review / Approve Materials - Concrete / Rebar 10 20-Jun-23 03-Jul-23 
S10320 Review / Approve Elevators 10 20-Jun-23 03-Jul-23 
S10350 Review / Approve Plumbing 10 27-Jun-23 11-Jul-23 
S10400 Review / Approve  Drywall / Carpentry 10 30-Jun-23 14-Jul-23 
S10290 Review / Approve Materials - Roofing 10 07-Jul-23 20-Jul-23 
S10360 Review / Approve Metal Framing / Structural Steel 10 17-Jul-23 28-Jul-23 
S10370 Review / Approve Mechanical 10 24-Jul-23 04-Aug-23 
S10560 Review / Approve Materials - Precast Plank 10 31-Jul-23 11-Aug-23 
S10390 Review / Approve Residential Casework 10 28-Aug-23 11-Sep-23 
S10380 Review / Approve Finishes 10 26-Sep-23 09-Oct-23 
Fabrication & Delivery Fabrication & Delivery 264 02-Jun-23 13-Jun-24 
S10420 Fab / Deliver Materials - Sitework 10 02-Jun-23 15-Jun-23 
S10490 Fab / Deliver Fire Protection 20 02-Jun-23 29-Jun-23 
S10450 Fab / Deliver Materials - Electrical Gear 260 08-Jun-23 13-Jun-24 
S10460 Fab / Deliver Electrical 50 30-Jun-23 11-Sep-23 
S10430 Fab / Deliver Site Sanitary Piping/Storm Structures 40 30-Jun-23 25-Aug-23 
S10480 Fab / Deliver Materials - Concrete / Rebar 20 05-Jul-23 01-Aug-23 
S10470 Fab / Deliver Elevators 80 05-Jul-23 25-Oct-23 
S10500 Fab / Deliver Plumbing 35 12-Jul-23 29-Aug-23 
S10550 Fab / Deliver  Drywall / Carpentry 20 17-Jul-23 11-Aug-23 
S10440 Fab / Deliver Materials - Roofing 190 21-Jul-23 17-Apr-24 
S10510 Fab / Deliver Metal Framing / Structural Steel 60 31-Jul-23 23-Oct-23 
S10520 Fab / Deliver Mechanical 90 07-Aug-23 12-Dec-23 
S10570 Fab / Deliver Materials - Precast Plank 20 14-Aug-23 11-Sep-23 
S10540 Fab / Deliver Residential Casework 125 12-Sep-23 07-Mar-24 
S10530 Fab / Deliver Finishes 120 10-Oct-23 28-Mar-24 
Construction Construction 313 19-Aug-23 08-Nov-24 
Site Development Site Development 86 19-Aug-23 20-Dec-23 
May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec Jan 
2023 2024 2025 2026 
Prepare / Submit Materials - Sitework 
Prepare / Submit Electrical 
Prepare / Submit Plumbing 
Prepare / Submit Metal Framing / Structural Steel 
Prepare / Submit Mechanical 
Prepare / Submit Drywall / Carpentry 
Prepare / Submit Site Sanitary Piping 
Prepare / Submit Materials - Precast Plank 
Prepare / Submit Materials - Concrete / Rebar 
Prepare / Submit Elevators 
Prepare / Submit Materials - Roofing 
Prepare / Submit 
Prepare / Submit Residential Casework 
09-Oct-23, Review & Approve 
Review / Approve Materials - Electrical Gear 
Review / Approve Materials - Sitework 
Review / Approve Electrical 
Review / Approve Site Sanitary Piping 
Review / Approve Materials - Concrete / Rebar 
Review / Approve Elevators 
Review / Approve Plumbing 
Review / Approve  Drywall / Carpentry 
Review / Approve Materials - Roofing 
Review / Approve Metal Framing / Structural Steel 
Review / Approve Mechanical 
Review / Approve Materials - Precast Plank 
Review / Approve Residential Casework 
Review / Approve Finishes 
13-Jun-24, Fabrication & Delivery 
Fab / Deliver Materials - Sitework 
Fab / Deliver Fire Protection 
Fab / Deliver Materials - Electrical Gear 
Fab / Deliver Electrical 
Fab / Deliver Site Sanitary Piping/Storm Structures
Fab / Deliver Materials - Concrete / Rebar 
Fab / Deliver Elevators 
Fab / Deliver Plumbing 
Fab / Deliver  Drywall / Carpentry 
Fab / Deliver Materials - Roofing 
Fab / Deliver Metal Framing / Structural Steel 
Fab / Deliver Mechanical 
Fab / Deliver Materials - Precast Plank 
Fab / Deliver Residential Casework 
Fab / Deliver Finishes 
08-Nov-24, Construction 
20-Dec-23, Site Development 
Capitol Seniors Housing - West Orange, NJ (82 Units/83,600sf) 2023-06-02 - GMP Project Schedule Schedule Print Date: 12-Jun-23 15:20 
Schedule Data Date: 02-Jun-23  
Remaining Level of Effort 
Actual Level of Effort 
Actual Work 
Remaining Work 
Critical Remaining Work 
Milestone 
© IMC Construction. This schedule is for informational purposes only.
Page: 2 of 8  
C-2

===== PAGE 97 =====
Activity ID Activity Name Original 
Duration 
Start Finish 
C10000 NTC for Construction 0 19-Aug-23 
C10010 T emporary Erosion Control 3 29-Aug-23 31-Aug-23 
C10020 Construction Entrance / Site Fencing 3 29-Aug-23 31-Aug-23 
C10005 Demolition of Existing Structures / Asphalt / Site Improvements 35 29-Aug-23 17-Oct-23 
C10015 Cut / Cap Existing Utilities 2 31-Aug-23 01-Sep-23 
C10030 Clear / Grub 20 27-Sep-23 24-Oct-23 
C10050 Earthwork & Building Pad 20 11-Oct-23 07-Nov-23 
C10100 Storm piping & Structures 30 25-Oct-23 06-Dec-23 
C10160 Site Sanitary Piping Install 10 25-Oct-23 07-Nov-23 
C10110 Site Utilities 35 01-Nov-23 20-Dec-23 
Site Improvements Site Improvements 51 22-Jul-24 02-Oct-24 
C11110 Curbing - North & East 5 22-Jul-24 26-Jul-24 
C11130 Stone & Fine Grade Paved Areas - North & East 5 29-Jul-24 02-Aug-24 
C100279 Curbing - West 5 29-Jul-24 02-Aug-24 
C11140 Base Paving - North & East 2 05-Aug-24 06-Aug-24 
C100289 Stone & Fine Grade Paved Areas - West 5 05-Aug-24 09-Aug-24 
C11150 Sidewalk / Site Concrete 8 12-Aug-24 21-Aug-24 
C100299 Base Paving - West 3 12-Aug-24 14-Aug-24 
C11160 Wearing Course Paving 5 22-Aug-24 28-Aug-24 
C11170 Curb Seal / T raffic Markings / Traffic Signage 3 29-Aug-24 03-Sep-24 
C11180 Landscaping 10 04-Sep-24 17-Sep-24 
C11190 Punchlist Site 10 18-Sep-24 01-Oct-24 
C11200 Complete Sitework 0 02-Oct-24 02-Oct-24 
Foundations / Slab on Grade Foundations / Slab on Grade 38 08-Nov-23 03-Jan-24 
C10070 Footings / Foundations 18 08-Nov-23 04-Dec-23 
C10060 Building Pad Complete 0 08-Nov-23 
C10080 Form / Pour Interior Walls / Pits 15 22-Nov-23 13-Dec-23 
C10090 Underslab Plumbing Rough-in 15 01-Dec-23 21-Dec-23 
C10120 Prep / Pour SOG 12 15-Dec-23 03-Jan-24 
Structure Structure 70 04-Jan-24 10-Apr-24 
C12000 Steel Framing / CFMF Walls - Level 1 15 04-Jan-24 24-Jan-24 
C12010 Set Precast Plank - Level 2 7 22-Jan-24 30-Jan-24 
C12020 Steel Framing / CFMF Walls - Level 2 15 31-Jan-24 20-Feb-24 
C12030 Set Precast Plank - Level 3 7 16-Feb-24 26-Feb-24 
C12040 Steel Framing / CFMF Walls - Level 3 12 27-Feb-24 13-Mar-24 
C100009 Steel Framing / Deck - - Roof Level 10 07-Mar-24 20-Mar-24 
C12050 Set Roof Trusses / F raming - R oof Level 20 14-Mar-24 10-Apr-24 
Building Envelope - Roof Building Envelope - Roof 65 28-Mar-24 27-Jun-24 
East Wing - Roof Level East Wing - Roof Level 50 28-Mar-24 06-Jun-24 
C70000 FT Roof Sheathing - East 10 28-Mar-24 10-Apr-24 
C70030 EPDM Roof Assembly - East 15 18-Apr-24 08-May-24 
C70010 Roof Underlayment - East 5 25-Apr-24 01-May-24 
C70040 Shingled Roof at Mansards - East 15 02-May-24 22-May-24 
C70070 Standing Seam Metal Roof - East 10 23-May-24 06-Jun-24 
West Wing - Roof Level West Wing - Roof Level 55 11-Apr-24 27-Jun-24 
C70020 FT Roof Sheathing - West 10 11-Apr-24 24-Apr-24 
May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec Jan 
2023 2024 2025 2026 
NTC for Construction 
T emporary Erosion Control 
Construction Entrance / Site Fencing 
Demolition of Existing Structures / Asphalt / Site Improvements 
Cut / Cap Existing Utilities 
Clear / Grub 
Earthwork & Building Pad 
Storm piping & Structures 
Site Sanitary Piping Install 
Site Utilities 
02-Oct-24, Site Improvements 
Curbing - North & East 
Stone & Fine Grade Paved Areas - North & East 
Curbing - West 
Base Paving - North & East 
Stone & Fine Grade Paved Areas - West 
Sidewalk / Site Concrete 
Base Paving - West 
Wearing Course Paving 
Curb Seal / T raffic Markings / Traffic Signage 
Landscaping 
Punchlist Site 
Complete Sitework 
03-Jan-24, Foundations / Slab on Grade 
Footings / Foundations 
Building Pad Complete 
Form / Pour Interior Walls / Pits 
Underslab Plumbing Rough-in 
Prep / Pour SOG 
10-Apr-24, Structure 
Steel Framing / CFMF Walls - Level 1 
Set Precast Plank - Level 2 
Steel Framing / CFMF Walls - Level 2 
Set Precast Plank - Level 3 
Steel Framing / CFMF Walls - Level 3 
Steel Framing / Deck - - Roof Level 
Set Roof Truss es  / F raming - R oof Lev el 
27-Jun-24, Building Envelope - Roof 
06-Jun-24, East Wing - Roof Level 
FT Roof Sheathing - East 
EPDM Roof Assembly - East 
Roof Underlayment - East 
Shingled Roof at Mansards - East 
Standing Seam Metal Roof - East 
27-Jun-24, West Wing - Roof Level 
FT Roof Sheathing - West 
Capitol Seniors Housing - West Orange, NJ (82 Units/83,600sf) 2023-06-02 - GMP Project Schedule Schedule Print Date: 12-Jun-23 15:20 
Schedule Data Date: 02-Jun-23  
Remaining Level of Effort 
Actual Level of Effort 
Actual Work 
Remaining Work 
Critical Remaining Work 
Milestone 
© IMC Construction. This schedule is for informational purposes only.
Page: 3 of 8  
C-3

===== PAGE 98 =====
Activity ID Activity Name Original 
Duration 
Start Finish 
C70060 EPDM Roof Assembly - West 15 25-Apr-24 15-May-24 
C70050 Roof Underlayment - West 5 25-Apr-24 01-May-24 
C70080 Shingled Roof at Mansards - West 15 23-May-24 13-Jun-24 
C70090 Standing Seam Metal Roof - West 10 14-Jun-24 27-Jun-24 
Exterior Enclosure Exterior Enclosure 105 11-Apr-24 09-Sep-24 
East Elevation East Elevation 35 11-Apr-24 30-May-24 
C60040 Infill Framing & Denseglass - East 5 11-Apr-24 17-Apr-24 
C60080 Vapor Barrier / T ape Seams - East 5 18-Apr-24 24-Apr-24 
C60130 Set/T ape Windows - East 5 25-Apr-24 01-May-24 
C60310 Fiber Cement Board Siding & T rim - East 10 02-May-24 15-May-24 
C60260 Stone Veneer Facade - East 10 16-May-24 30-May-24 
North Elevation North Elevation 40 18-Apr-24 13-Jun-24 
C60010 Infill Framing & Denseglass - North 5 18-Apr-24 24-Apr-24 
C60030 Vapor Barrier / T ape Seams - North 5 25-Apr-24 01-May-24 
C60090 Set/T ape Windows - North 5 02-May-24 08-May-24 
C60280 Fiber Cement Board Siding & T rim - North 10 16-May-24 30-May-24 
C60140 Stone Veneer Facade - North 10 31-May-24 13-Jun-24 
West Elevation West Elevation 45 25-Apr-24 27-Jun-24 
C60000 Infill Framing & Denseglass - West 5 25-Apr-24 01-May-24 
C60020 Vapor Barrier / T ape Seams - West 5 30-Apr-24 06-May-24 
C60050 Set/T ape Windows - West 5 07-May-24 13-May-24 
C60070 Fiber Cement Board Siding & T rim - West 8 31-May-24 11-Jun-24 
C60440 Stone Veneer Facade - West 10 14-Jun-24 27-Jun-24 
South Elevation South Elevation 90 02-May-24 09-Sep-24 
C60190 Infill Framing & Denseglass - South 5 02-May-24 08-May-24 
C60220 Vapor Barrier / T ape Seams - South 5 09-May-24 15-May-24 
C60270 Set/T ape Windows - South 5 16-May-24 22-May-24 
C13030 Building temp Dry-in - South 0 22-May-24 
C60400 Fiber Cement Board Siding & T rim - South 10 12-Jun-24 25-Jun-24 
C60410 Stone Veneer Facade - South 15 28-Jun-24 19-Jul-24 
C13040 Trim / Caulk Exterior 30 15-Jul-24 23-Aug-24 
C60420 Exterior Facade Punch List 10 26-Aug-24 09-Sep-24 
C60430 Exterior Facade Complete 0 09-Sep-24 
Building Core - MEP/FP Building Core - MEP/FP 45 06-Aug-24 08-Oct-24 
C20060 Electrical Gear & Permanent Power 45 06-Aug-24 08-Oct-24 
C20070 Permanent Power Energized 0 08-Oct-24 
Building Core - V ertical Transportation Building Core - V ertical Transportation 112 27-Feb-24 02-Aug-24 
Elevators Elevators 112 27-Feb-24 02-Aug-24 
C80000 Erect Elevator Steel 15 27-Feb-24 18-Mar-24 
C80010 Elevator Shaftwall 10 16-May-24 30-May-24 
C80020 Elevator Pit Ladder & Sump Grate 5 31-May-24 06-Jun-24 
C80030 Install New Elevators 40 07-Jun-24 02-Aug-24 
Stair Shafts Stair Shafts 45 27-Feb-24 29-Apr-24 
C55060 Egress Stair Field Measurements 2 27-Feb-24 28-Feb-24 
C55000 Stair 2 (South) - Stringers & Pans 5 04-Apr-24 10-Apr-24 
C55020 Stair 3 (East) - Stringers & Pans 5 11-Apr-24 17-Apr-24 
May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec Jan 
2023 2024 2025 2026 
EPDM Roof Assembly - West 
Roof Underlayment - West 
Shingled Roof at Mansards - West 
Standing Seam Metal Roof - West 
09-Sep-24, Exterior Enclosure 
30-May-24, East Elevation 
Infill Framing & Denseglass - East 
Vapor Barrier / T ape Seams - East 
Set/T ape Windows - East 
Fiber Cement Board Siding & T rim - East 
Stone Veneer Facade - East 
13-Jun-24, North Elevation 
Infill Framing & Denseglass - North 
Vapor Barrier / T ape Seams - North 
Set/T ape Windows - North 
Fiber Cement Board Siding & T rim - North 
Stone Veneer Facade - North 
27-Jun-24, West Elevation 
Infill Framing & Denseglass - West 
Vapor Barrier / T ape Seams - West 
Set/T ape Windows - West 
Fiber Cement Board Siding & T rim - West 
Stone Veneer Facade - West 
09-Sep-24, South Elevation 
Infill Framing & Denseglass - South 
Vapor Barrier / T ape Seams - South 
Set/T ape Windows - South 
Building temp Dry-in - South 
Fiber Cement Board Siding & T rim - South 
Stone Veneer Facade - South 
Trim / Caulk Exterior 
Exterior Facade Punch List 
Exterior Facade Complete 
08-Oct-24, Building Core - MEP/FP 
Electrical Gear & Permanent Power 
Permanent Power Energized 
02-Aug-24, Building Core - Vertical Transportation 
02-Aug-24, Elevators 
Erect Elevator Steel 
Elevator Shaftwall 
Elevator Pit Ladder & Sump Grate 
Install New Elevators 
29-Apr-24, Stair Shafts 
Egress Stair Field Measurements 
Stair 2 (South) - Stringers & Pans 
Stair 3 (East) - Stringers & Pans 
Capitol Seniors Housing - West Orange, NJ (82 Units/83,600sf) 2023-06-02 - GMP Project Schedule Schedule Print Date: 12-Jun-23 15:20 
Schedule Data Date: 02-Jun-23  
Remaining Level of Effort 
Actual Level of Effort 
Actual Work 
Remaining Work 
Critical Remaining Work 
Milestone 
© IMC Construction. This schedule is for informational purposes only.
Page: 4 of 8  
C-4

===== PAGE 99 =====
Activity ID Activity Name Original 
Duration 
Start Finish 
C55010 Star 2 (South) - Pour Steps 3 11-Apr-24 15-Apr-24 
C55040 Stair 4 (West) Stringers & Pans 5 18-Apr-24 24-Apr-24 
C55030 Star 3 (East) - Pour Steps 3 18-Apr-24 22-Apr-24 
C55050 Stair 4 (West) - Pour Steps 3 25-Apr-24 29-Apr-24 
Interior Finishes / Units Interior Finishes / Units 181 27-Feb-24 08-Nov-24 
Interiors - 1st Floor Interiors - 1st Floor 181 27-Feb-24 08-Nov-24 
Resident Units (1st floor) Resident Units (1st floor) 150 27-Feb-24 26-Sep-24 
C100619 Light Gauge Framing - 1st Flr 10 27-Feb-24 11-Mar-24 
C100039 Plumbing Rough-In - 1st Flr 15 05-Mar-24 25-Mar-24 
C100049 Sprinkler Rough-In - 1st Flr 15 05-Mar-24 25-Mar-24 
C100059 Mechanical Rough-In - 1st Flr 15 07-Mar-24 27-Mar-24 
C100069 Electrical Rough-In - 1st Flr 15 11-Mar-24 29-Mar-24 
C100079 M/E/P/S Fire Safing/Stopping - 1st Flr 5 27-Mar-24 02-Apr-24 
C100089 MEP Rough-In Inspection - 1st Flr 2 03-Apr-24 04-Apr-24 
C100419 Set HM Frames - 1st Flr 3 09-May-24 13-May-24 
C100539 Insulation - 1st Flr 5 09-May-24 15-May-24 
C100549 Wall Close-in Inspection - 1st Flr 0 15-May-24 
C100099 Hang GWB - 1st Flr 10 16-May-24 30-May-24 
C100109 T ape & Finish GWB - 1st Flr 15 23-May-24 13-Jun-24 
C100449 Tile Floor Install - 1st Flr 15 14-Jun-24 05-Jul-24 
C100429 Prime & 1st Coat of Paint - 1st Flr 5 21-Jun-24 27-Jun-24 
C100469 Install Doors & Door Hardware - 1st Flr 5 21-Jun-24 27-Jun-24 
C100609 Pre-Hungs - 1st Flr 3 08-Jul-24 10-Jul-24 
C100459 Trim - 1st Flr 8 11-Jul-24 22-Jul-24 
C100479 M/E/P/S T rim-Out - 1st Flr 10 11-Jul-24 24-Jul-24 
C100489 Specialties Install - 1st Flr 5 23-Jul-24 29-Jul-24 
C100499 Resilient Floor Install - 1st Flr 12 23-Jul-24 07-Aug-24 
C100509 Carpet Install - 1st Flr 10 25-Jul-24 07-Aug-24 
C100439 Casework & Counter T op Install - 1st Flr 10 08-Aug-24 21-Aug-24 
C100529 Appliance Install - 1st Flr 5 15-Aug-24 21-Aug-24 
C100519 Final Paint Coat - 1st Flr 8 22-Aug-24 03-Sep-24 
C100599 Cleaning - 1st Flr 5 22-Aug-24 28-Aug-24 
C100589 IMC Completion List - 1st Flr 5 04-Sep-24 10-Sep-24 
C100559 Architect Punch - 1st Flr 2 11-Sep-24 12-Sep-24 
C100579 Punchlist Corrections - 1st Flr 10 13-Sep-24 26-Sep-24 
C100569 Complete Units - 1st Flr 0 26-Sep-24 
Corridors (1st floor) Corridors (1st floor) 45 08-Aug-24 10-Oct-24 
C100629 ACT Grid - 1st Flr Corridor 3 08-Aug-24 12-Aug-24 
C100639 MEP Ceiling Finishes / Install ACT - 1st Flr Corridor 5 13-Aug-24 19-Aug-24 
C100679 Doors & Hardware - 1st Flr Corridor 3 13-Aug-24 15-Aug-24 
C100669 Millwork and Tr im - 1st Flr Corridor 25 14-Aug-24 18-Sep-24 
C100649 Final Paint / Wall Covering -  1st Flr Corridor 4 19-Sep-24 24-Sep-24 
C100659 Flooring - 1st Flr Corridor 5 25-Sep-24 01-Oct-24 
C100689 MEP Wall Finishes -  1st F lr C or ridor 3 25-Sep-24 27-Sep-24 
C100729 Cleaning - 1st Flr Corridor 1 02-Oct-24 02-Oct-24 
C100699 Architect Punch - 1st Flr Corridor 1 03-Oct-24 03-Oct-24 
May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec Jan 
2023 2024 2025 2026 
Star 2 (South) - Pour Steps 
Stair 4 (West) Stringers & Pans 
Star 3 (East) - Pour Steps 
Stair 4 (West) - Pour Steps 
08-Nov-24, Interior Finishes / Units 
08-Nov-24, Interiors - 1st Floor 
26-Sep-24, Resident Units (1st floor) 
Light Gauge Framing - 1st Flr 
Plumbing Rough-In - 1st Flr 
Sprinkler Rough-In - 1st Flr 
Mechanical Rough-In - 1st Flr 
Electrical Rough-In - 1st Flr 
M/E/P/S Fire Safing/Stopping - 1st Flr 
MEP Rough-In Inspection - 1st Flr 
Set HM Frames - 1st Flr 
Insulation - 1st Flr 
Wall Close-in Inspection - 1st Flr 
Hang GWB - 1st Flr 
T ape & Finish GWB - 1st Flr 
Tile Floor Install - 1st Flr 
Prime & 1st Coat of Paint - 1st Flr 
Install Doors & Door Hardware - 1st Flr 
Pre-Hungs - 1st Flr 
Trim - 1st Flr 
M/E/P/S T rim-Out - 1st Flr 
Specialties Install - 1st Flr 
Resilient Floor Install - 1st Flr 
Carpet Install - 1st Flr 
Casework & Counter T op Install - 1st Flr 
Appliance Install - 1st Flr 
Final Paint Coat - 1st Flr 
Cleaning - 1st Flr 
IMC Completion List - 1st Flr 
Architect Punch - 1st Flr 
Punchlist Corrections - 1st Flr 
Complete Units - 1st Flr 
10-Oct-24, Corridors (1st floor) 
ACT Grid - 1st Flr Corridor 
MEP Ceiling Finishes / Install ACT - 1st Flr Corridor 
Doors & Hardware - 1st Flr Corridor 
Millwork and Tr im - 1st Flr Corridor 
Final Paint / Wall Covering -  1st Flr Corridor 
Flooring - 1st Flr Corridor 
MEP Wall Finishes -  1st F lr C or ridor 
Cleaning - 1st Flr Corridor 
Architect Punch - 1st Flr Corridor 
Capitol Seniors Housing - West Orange, NJ (82 Units/83,600sf) 2023-06-02 - GMP Project Schedule Schedule Print Date: 12-Jun-23 15:20 
Schedule Data Date: 02-Jun-23  
Remaining Level of Effort 
Actual Level of Effort 
Actual Work 
Remaining Work 
Critical Remaining Work 
Milestone 
© IMC Construction. This schedule is for informational purposes only.
Page: 5 of 8  
C-5

===== PAGE 100 =====
Activity ID Activity Name Original 
Duration 
Start Finish 
C100719 Punchlist Corrections - 1st Flr Corridor 5 04-Oct-24 10-Oct-24 
C100709 Complete / T ur nover - 1st Flr 0 10-Oct-24 
Amenity Areas (1st floor) Amenity Areas (1st floor) 171 12-Mar-24 08-Nov-24 
C100869 Light Guage Framing - 1st floor Amenity Areas 10 12-Mar-24 25-Mar-24 
C100749 Plumbing Rough-In - 1st floor Amenity Areas 15 23-Apr-24 13-May-24 
C100759 Sprinkler Rough-In - 1st floor Amenity Areas 15 26-Apr-24 16-May-24 
C100769 Mechanical Rough-In - 1st floor Amenity Areas 15 30-Apr-24 20-May-24 
C100779 Electrical Rough-In - 1st floor Amenity Areas 15 02-May-24 22-May-24 
C100789 M/E/P/S Fire Safing/Stopping - 1st floor Amenity Areas 5 20-May-24 24-May-24 
C100799 MEP Rough-In Inspection - 1st floor Amenity Areas 2 28-May-24 29-May-24 
C100739 Ceiling Framing- 1st floor Amenity Areas 5 30-May-24 05-Jun-24 
C100829 Set HM Frames - 1st floor Amenity Areas 3 30-May-24 03-Jun-24 
C100849 Insulation - 1st floor Amenity Areas 5 30-May-24 05-Jun-24 
C100859 Wall Close-in Inspection - 1st floor Amenity Areas 0 05-Jun-24 
C100809 Hang GWB Walls / Ceilings - 1st floor Amenity Areas 15 06-Jun-24 26-Jun-24 
C100819 T ape & Finish GWB - 1st floor Amenity Ar eas 15 18-Jun-24 09-Jul-24 
C100839 Prime & 1st Coat of Paint - 1st floor Amenity Areas 5 10-Jul-24 16-Jul-24 
Kitchen Area Kitchen Area 120 22-May-24 08-Nov-24 
C101980 Kitchen Area Construction 120 22-May-24 08-Nov-24 
Lobby Area Lobby Area 75 10-Jul-24 23-Oct-24 
C101990 Lobby Area Finishes 75 10-Jul-24 23-Oct-24 
Interiors - 2nd Floor Interiors - 2nd Floor 155 12-Mar-24 17-Oct-24 
Resident Units (2nd floor) Resident Units (2nd floor) 150 12-Mar-24 10-Oct-24 
C101469 Light Guage Framing- 2nd Flr 10 12-Mar-24 25-Mar-24 
C101189 Plumbing Rough-In - 2nd Flr 15 19-Mar-24 08-Apr-24 
C101199 Sprinkler Rough-In - 2nd Flr 15 19-Mar-24 08-Apr-24 
C101209 Mechanical Rough-In - 2nd Flr 15 21-Mar-24 10-Apr-24 
C101219 Electrical Rough-In - 2nd Flr 15 25-Mar-24 12-Apr-24 
C101229 M/E/P/S Fire Safing/Stopping - 2nd Flr 5 10-Apr-24 16-Apr-24 
C101239 MEP Rough-In Inspection - 2nd Flr 2 17-Apr-24 18-Apr-24 
C101269 Set HM Frames - 2nd Flr 3 16-May-24 20-May-24 
C101389 Insulation - 2nd Flr 5 16-May-24 22-May-24 
C101399 Wall Close-in Inspection - 2nd Flr 0 22-May-24 
C101249 Hang GWB - 2nd Flr 10 31-May-24 13-Jun-24 
C101259 T ape & Finish GWB - 2nd Flr 15 07-Jun-24 27-Jun-24 
C101299 Tile Floor Install - 2nd Flr 15 28-Jun-24 19-Jul-24 
C101279 Prime & 1st Coat of Paint - 2nd Flr 5 08-Jul-24 12-Jul-24 
C101319 Install Doors & Door Hardware - 2nd Flr 5 08-Jul-24 12-Jul-24 
C101459 Pre-Hungs - 2nd Flr 3 22-Jul-24 24-Jul-24 
C101309 Trim - 2nd Flr 8 25-Jul-24 05-Aug-24 
C101329 M/E/P/S T rim-Out - 2nd F lr 10 25-Jul-24 07-Aug-24 
C101339 Specialties Install - 2nd Flr 5 06-Aug-24 12-Aug-24 
C101349 Resilient Floor Install - 2nd Flr 12 06-Aug-24 21-Aug-24 
C101359 Carpet Install - 2nd Flr 10 08-Aug-24 21-Aug-24 
C101289 Casework & Counter T op Install - 2nd Flr 10 22-Aug-24 05-Sep-24 
C101379 Appliance Install - 2nd Flr 5 29-Aug-24 05-Sep-24 
May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec Jan 
2023 2024 2025 2026 
Punchlist Corrections - 1st Flr Corridor 
Complete / T ur nover - 1st Flr 
08-Nov-24, Amenity Areas (1st floor) 
Light Guage Framing - 1st floor Amenity Areas 
Plumbing Rough-In - 1st floor Amenity Areas 
Sprinkler Rough-In - 1st floor Amenity Areas 
Mechanical Rough-In - 1st floor Amenity Areas 
Electrical Rough-In - 1st floor Amenity Areas 
M/E/P/S Fire Safing/Stopping - 1st floor Amenity Areas 
MEP Rough-In Inspection - 1st floor Amenity Areas 
Ceiling Framing- 1st floor Amenity Areas 
Set HM Frames - 1st floor Amenity Areas 
Insulation - 1st floor Amenity Areas 
Wall Close-in Inspection - 1st floor Amenity Areas 
Hang GWB Walls / Ceilings - 1st floor Amenity Areas
T ape & Finish GWB - 1st floor Amenity Ar eas 
Prime & 1st Coat of Paint - 1st floor Amenity Areas
08-Nov-24, Kitchen Area 
Kitchen Area Construction 
23-Oct-24, Lobby Area 
Lobby Area Finishes 
17-Oct-24, Interiors - 2nd Floor 
10-Oct-24, Resident Units (2nd floor) 
Light Guage Framing- 2nd Flr 
Plumbing Rough-In - 2nd Flr 
Sprinkler Rough-In - 2nd Flr 
Mechanical Rough-In - 2nd Flr 
Electrical Rough-In - 2nd Flr 
M/E/P/S Fire Safing/Stopping - 2nd Flr 
MEP Rough-In Inspection - 2nd Flr 
Set HM Frames - 2nd Flr 
Insulation - 2nd Flr 
Wall Close-in Inspection - 2nd Flr 
Hang GWB - 2nd Flr 
T ape & Finish GWB - 2nd Flr 
Tile Floor Install - 2nd Flr 
Prime & 1st Coat of Paint - 2nd Flr 
Install Doors & Door Hardware - 2nd Flr 
Pre-Hungs - 2nd Flr 
Trim - 2nd Flr 
M/E/P/S T rim-Out - 2nd F lr 
Specialties Install - 2nd Flr 
Resilient Floor Install - 2nd Flr 
Carpet Install - 2nd Flr 
Casework & Counter T op Install - 2nd Flr 
Appliance Install - 2nd Flr 
Capitol Seniors Housing - West Orange, NJ (82 Units/83,600sf) 2023-06-02 - GMP Project Schedule Schedule Print Date: 12-Jun-23 15:20 
Schedule Data Date: 02-Jun-23  
Remaining Level of Effort 
Actual Level of Effort 
Actual Work 
Remaining Work 
Critical Remaining Work 
Milestone 
© IMC Construction. This schedule is for informational purposes only.
Page: 6 of 8  
C-6

===== PAGE 101 =====
Activity ID Activity Name Original 
Duration 
Start Finish 
C101369 Final Paint Coat - 2nd Flr 8 06-Sep-24 17-Sep-24 
C101449 Cleaning - 2nd Flr 5 06-Sep-24 12-Sep-24 
C101439 IMC Completion List - 2nd Flr 5 18-Sep-24 24-Sep-24 
C101409 Architect Punch - 2nd Flr 2 25-Sep-24 26-Sep-24 
C101429 Punchlist Corrections - 2nd Flr 10 27-Sep-24 10-Oct-24 
C101419 Complete Units - 2nd Flr 0 10-Oct-24 
Corridors (2nd floor) Corridors (2nd floor) 47 13-Aug-24 17-Oct-24 
C101479 ACT Grid - 2nd Flr Corridor 3 13-Aug-24 15-Aug-24 
C101529 Doors & Hardware - 2nd Flr Corridor 3 16-Aug-24 20-Aug-24 
C101489 MEP Ceiling Finishes / Install ACT - 2nd Flr Corridor 5 20-Aug-24 26-Aug-24 
C101519 Millwork and Tr im - 2nd Flr C orr idor 20 21-Aug-24 18-Sep-24 
C101499 Final Paint / Wall Covering -  2nd Flr Corridor 4 25-Sep-24 30-Sep-24 
C101539 MEP Wall Finishes -  2nd F lr Corridor 3 01-Oct-24 03-Oct-24 
C101509 Flooring - 2nd Flr Corridor 5 02-Oct-24 08-Oct-24 
C101579 Cleaning - 2nd Flr Corridor 1 09-Oct-24 09-Oct-24 
C101549 Architect Punch - 2nd Flr Corridor 1 10-Oct-24 10-Oct-24 
C101569 Punchlist Corrections - 2nd Flr Corridor 5 11-Oct-24 17-Oct-24 
C101559 Complete / T ur nover - 2nd F lr 0 17-Oct-24 
Interiors - 3rd Floor Interiors - 3rd Floor 152 26-Mar-24 28-Oct-24 
Resident Units (3rd floor) Resident Units (3rd floor) 152 26-Mar-24 28-Oct-24 
C101869 Light Guage Framing- 3rd Flr 10 26-Mar-24 08-Apr-24 
C101589 Plumbing Rough-In - 3rd Flr 15 02-Apr-24 22-Apr-24 
C101599 Sprinkler Rough-In - 3rd Flr 15 02-Apr-24 22-Apr-24 
C101609 Mechanical Rough-In - 3rd Flr 15 04-Apr-24 24-Apr-24 
C101619 Electrical Rough-In - 3rd Flr 15 08-Apr-24 26-Apr-24 
C101629 M/E/P/S Fire Safing/Stopping - 3rd Flr 5 24-Apr-24 30-Apr-24 
C101639 MEP Rough-In Inspection - 3rd Flr 2 01-May-24 02-May-24 
C101669 Set HM Frames - 3rd Flr 3 23-May-24 28-May-24 
C101789 Insulation - 3rd Flr 5 23-May-24 30-May-24 
C101799 Wall Close-in Inspection - 3rd Flr 0 30-May-24 
C101649 Hang GWB - 3rd Flr 10 14-Jun-24 27-Jun-24 
C101659 T ape & Finish GWB - 3rd Flr 15 21-Jun-24 12-Jul-24 
C101699 Tile Floor Install - 3rd Flr 15 15-Jul-24 02-Aug-24 
C101679 Prime & 1st Coat of Paint - 3rd Flr 5 22-Jul-24 26-Jul-24 
C101719 Install Doors & Door Hardware - 3rd Flr 5 22-Jul-24 26-Jul-24 
C101859 Pre-Hungs - 3rd Flr 3 05-Aug-24 07-Aug-24 
C101709 Trim - 3rd Flr 8 08-Aug-24 19-Aug-24 
C101729 M/E/P/S T rim-Out - 3rd Flr 10 08-Aug-24 21-Aug-24 
C101739 Specialties Install - 3rd Flr 5 20-Aug-24 26-Aug-24 
C101749 Resilient Floor Install - 3rd Flr 12 22-Aug-24 09-Sep-24 
C101759 Carpet Install - 3rd Flr 10 22-Aug-24 05-Sep-24 
C101689 Casework & Counter T op Install - 3rd Flr 10 10-Sep-24 23-Sep-24 
C101779 Appliance Install - 3rd Flr 5 17-Sep-24 23-Sep-24 
C101769 Final Paint Coat - 3rd Flr 8 24-Sep-24 03-Oct-24 
C101849 Cleaning - 3rd Flr 5 24-Sep-24 30-Sep-24 
C101839 IMC Completion List - 3rd Flr 5 04-Oct-24 10-Oct-24 
May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec Jan 
2023 2024 2025 2026 
Final Paint Coat - 2nd Flr 
Cleaning - 2nd Flr 
IMC Completion List - 2nd Flr 
Architect Punch - 2nd Flr 
Punchlist Corrections - 2nd Flr 
Complete Units - 2nd Flr 
17-Oct-24, Corridors (2nd floor) 
ACT Grid - 2nd Flr Corridor 
Doors & Hardware - 2nd Flr Corridor 
MEP Ceiling Finishes / Install ACT - 2nd Flr Corridor 
Millwork and Tr im - 2nd Flr C orr idor 
Final Paint / Wall Covering -  2nd Flr Corridor 
MEP Wall Finishes -  2nd F lr Corridor 
Flooring - 2nd Flr Corridor 
Cleaning - 2nd Flr Corridor 
Architect Punch - 2nd Flr Corridor 
Punchlist Corrections - 2nd Flr Corridor 
Complete / T ur nover - 2nd F lr 
28-Oct-24, Interiors - 3rd Floor 
28-Oct-24, Resident Units (3rd floor) 
Light Guage Framing- 3rd Flr 
Plumbing Rough-In - 3rd Flr 
Sprinkler Rough-In - 3rd Flr 
Mechanical Rough-In - 3rd Flr 
Electrical Rough-In - 3rd Flr 
M/E/P/S Fire Safing/Stopping - 3rd Flr 
MEP Rough-In Inspection - 3rd Flr 
Set HM Frames - 3rd Flr 
Insulation - 3rd Flr 
Wall Close-in Inspection - 3rd Flr 
Hang GWB - 3rd Flr 
T ape & Finish GWB - 3rd Flr 
Tile Floor Install - 3rd Flr 
Prime & 1st Coat of Paint - 3rd Flr 
Install Doors & Door Hardware - 3rd Flr 
Pre-Hungs - 3rd Flr 
Trim - 3rd Flr 
M/E/P/S T rim-Out - 3rd Flr 
Specialties Install - 3rd Flr 
Resilient Floor Install - 3rd Flr 
Carpet Install - 3rd Flr 
Casework & Counter T op Install - 3rd Flr 
Appliance Install - 3rd Flr 
Final Paint Coat - 3rd Flr 
Cleaning - 3rd Flr 
IMC Completion List - 3rd Flr 
Capitol Seniors Housing - West Orange, NJ (82 Units/83,600sf) 2023-06-02 - GMP Project Schedule Schedule Print Date: 12-Jun-23 15:20 
Schedule Data Date: 02-Jun-23  
Remaining Level of Effort 
Actual Level of Effort 
Actual Work 
Remaining Work 
Critical Remaining Work 
Milestone 
© IMC Construction. This schedule is for informational purposes only.
Page: 7 of 8  
C-7

===== PAGE 102 =====
Activity ID Activity Name Original 
Duration 
Start Finish 
C101809 Architect Punch - 3rd Flr 2 11-Oct-24 14-Oct-24 
C101829 Punchlist Corrections - 3rd Flr 10 15-Oct-24 28-Oct-24 
C101819 Complete Units - 3rd Flr 0 28-Oct-24 
Corridors (3rd floor) Corridors (3rd floor) 51 16-Aug-24 28-Oct-24 
C101879 ACT Grid - 3rd Flr Corridor 3 16-Aug-24 20-Aug-24 
C101929 Doors & Hardware - 3rd Flr Corridor 3 21-Aug-24 23-Aug-24 
C101889 MEP Ceiling Finishes / Install ACT - 3rd Flr Corridor 5 27-Aug-24 03-Sep-24 
C101919 Millwork and Tr im - 3rd Flr  Corridor 20 28-Aug-24 25-Sep-24 
C101899 Final Paint / Wall Covering -  3rd Flr Corridor 4 01-Oct-24 04-Oct-24 
C101939 MEP Wall Finishes -  3rd F lr C or ridor 3 07-Oct-24 09-Oct-24 
C101909 Flooring - 3rd Flr Corridor 5 09-Oct-24 15-Oct-24 
C101979 Cleaning - 3rd Flr Corridor 2 16-Oct-24 17-Oct-24 
C101949 Architect Punch - 3rd Flr Corridor 1 18-Oct-24 18-Oct-24 
C101969 Punchlist Corrections - 3rd Flr Corridor 5 21-Oct-24 25-Oct-24 
C101959 Complete / T ur nover - 3rd Flr 0 28-Oct-24 
Project Completion & Turnover Project Completion & Turnover 36 11-Nov-24 02-Jan-25 
C11900 T ownship Inspections 16 11-Nov-24 03-Dec-24 
C99990 Substantial Completion 0 03-Dec-24* 
C00000 Contract Close-out 20 04-Dec-24 02-Jan-25 
C99999 Final Completion 0 02-Jan-25* 
May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec Jan 
2023 2024 2025 2026 
Architect Punch - 3rd Flr 
Punchlist Corrections - 3rd Flr 
Complete Units - 3rd Flr 
28-Oct-24, Corridors (3rd floor) 
ACT Grid - 3rd Flr Corridor 
Doors & Hardware - 3rd Flr Corridor 
MEP Ceiling Finishes / Install ACT - 3rd Flr Corridor 
Millwork and Tr im - 3rd Flr  Corridor 
Final Paint / Wall Covering -  3rd Flr Corridor 
MEP Wall Finis hes -  3rd F lr C or ridor 
Flooring - 3rd Flr Corridor 
Cleaning - 3rd Flr Corridor 
Architect Punch - 3rd Flr Corridor 
Punchlist Corrections - 3rd Flr Corridor 
Complete / T ur nover - 3rd Flr 
02-Jan-25, Project Completion & Turnover 
T ownship Inspections 
Substantial Completion 
Contract Close-out 
Final Completion 
Capitol Seniors Housing - West Orange, NJ (82 Units/83,600sf) 2023-06-02 - GMP Project Schedule Schedule Print Date: 12-Jun-23 15:20 
Schedule Data Date: 02-Jun-23  
Remaining Level of Effort 
Actual Level of Effort 
Actual Work 
Remaining Work 
Critical Remaining Work 
Milestone 
© IMC Construction. This schedule is for informational purposes only.
Page: 8 of 8  
C-8

===== PAGE 103 =====
EXHIBIT "D-1" 
CONTRACT# _________ _ 
CONTRACTOR'S PARTIAL RELEASE OF RIGHT OF LIEN 
KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENT: That IMC Construction, Inc. as contractor for the 
construction of improvements at _________________ ("the Project"), for and 
in consideration of monies to be paid to and received by it for its partial performance of the 
construction Contract with ______ ___ ______________  (hereinafter 
"Owner"), dated ------� said monies being in the amount of $ _ ___ _ set forth within 
the Application and Certificate of Payment dated _____ _, does hereby release said amount 
from any and all claim or right of lien on said above described improvements and premises which 
may be available to the undersigned under the statues of the State o f New Jersey, for work 
performed on said Project. Subject to the penalties of the law, the undersigned certifies that said 
monies shall be applied to payment of any and all subcontractors' materialmen, or suppliers of the 
undersigned in connection with and under direction that said payments be applied to accounts 
pertaining to the Project. 
Contractor further represents and warrants that it has previously invoiced Owner for labor, 
material and services supplied pursuant to the contract in the aggregate amount of$ __ ____ as 
set forth within the aforesaid Application and Certificate for Payment. Contractor warrants that it has 
been paid $ ______ to date and Contractor does hereby release said amount from any and all 
claim of right of lien on said above described improvements and premises which may be available to 
the undersigned under the statutes of the State of New Jersey for work performed on said Project. 
DATED: ___________ _ IMC Construction, Inc. 
(CONTRACTOR NAME) 
BY: ________________ _ 
NAME AND TITLE 
STATE OF: ____ _ 
COUNTY OF: ____ _ 
The foregoing instrument was acknowledged before me this ______ day 
of _________ __ __.by on behalf of the 
contractor. 
Notary Public 
J:\Projects\0829 OF Traffic Planning & Design Office Reno\Owner\Owner Contract\0829 - Exhibit B-3 - Contractor Partial Release.doc 
D-1


===== PAGE 104 =====
D-2

===== PAGE 105 =====
D-3

===== PAGE 106 =====
D-4

===== PAGE 107 =====
D-5

===== PAGE 108 =====
DESCRIPTION BILLING RATES 
Senior Superintendent $165.00 /HR 
Superintendent $150.00 /HR 
Assistant Superintendent $95.00 /HR 
Principal $211.00 /HR 
Project Executive $197.00 /HR 
Contract Manager $178.00 /HR 
Senior Project Manager $160.00 /HR 
MEP Project Manager $153.00 /HR 
Project Manager $137.00 /HR 
Assistant Project Manager $105.00 /HR 
Project Engineer $72.00 /HR 
Safety Director $138.00 /HR 
Safety Manager $115.00 /HR 
Safety Associate $83.00 /HR 
Senior Estimator $170.00 /HR 
Estimator $125.00 /HR 
MEP Estimator $170.00 /HR 
Scheduler $155.00 /HR 
Assistant Scheduler $75.00 /HR 
IT Manager $140.00 /HR 
IT Technician $75.00 /HR 
QA/QC Director $170.00 /HR 
VDC Director $176.00 /HR 
VDC Manager $115.00 /HR 
VDC Technician $100.00 /HR 
Drone Operator $110.00 /HR 
Senior Project Accountant $120.00 /HR 
Project Accountant $88.00 /HR 
AP Coordinator $70.00 /HR 
Administrative Assistant $75.00 /HR 
Job-related Travel 
Preconstruction and Construction Staff Expenses 
Construction Office-Trailer Rental 
Construction Office- Fit-up, Supplies, Furniture, Fax 
Construction Office- Electric 
Construction Office- Telephone 
Portable Toilets 
Potable Water 
Temporary Electric 
Temporary Heat 
Temporary Water & Sanitary 
On-Going Clean Up 
Dust Control & Temporary Protection 
Temporary Fencing 
Temporary Hoist/ Elevator 
Progress Photographs 
Site Security 
Rodent and Pest Control 
Safety Equipment & Supplies 
Third Party Contracts at IMC Cost 
Preconstruction Services 
Blue Printing 
Reproduction 
Postage/ Expressage 
Final Cleaning 
Dumpsters / Rubbish Removal 
Site Connectivity - HiSpeed 
Site Connectivity - Hardware/Setup (router, switch, firewall, data wiring, config) 
Site Web Cam Purchase 
Site Web Cam Rental 
Site Copier Rental 
Laser Scanning Surveying Equipment $2,250/day 
Virtual Design/Drone Footage processing, layout and editing 
Project Specific Project Management Software 
Web Page Construction/Maintenance 
Miscellaneous Expenses 
Subcontractor General Liability/Worker's Compensation Insurance 
Site Signage 
Close Out Binder  (warrantees/guarantees/product specs) 
Professional Consultants 
Envelope Consultant 
Permits 
Subcontractor Default Insurance 
Contract Manager Insurance- General Liability 
Performance and Payment Bond 
Warranty 
Business Privilege, Mercantile or Similar Tax 
Local Payroll Tax Reimbursement, for On-Site Personnel 
CIPGMP-2023 
At Cost 
At Cost 
2.5% All Costs 
1% Contract 
At Cost 
At Cost 
At Cost 
At Cost 
At Cost 
At Cost 
1% All Costs 
At Cost 
$375.00 /Mth/Each 
At Cost 
At Cost 
At Cost 
At Cost 
At Cost 
At Cost 
At Cost 
At Cost 
.10% Contract 
At Cost 
At Cost 
.17% Contract 
At Cost 
At Cost 
At Cost 
At Cost 
At Cost 
At Cost 
REIMBURSABLE COST OF WORK - 2023 
At Cost 
At Cost 
Agreed lump sum payroll billing rates include fring es and taxes.   All above rates are Lump Sum, un-au ditable, and updated annually.  Staff 
rates are per hours worked. 
1.2% All Costs 
At Cost 
At Cost 
At Cost 
At Cost 
At Cost 
At Cost 
As Submitted 
At Cost 
At Cost 
As Submitted 
At Cost 
At Cost 
At Cost 
E-1
EXHIBIT E

===== PAGE 109 =====
ASSET DESCRIPTION 
DAILY 
RENTAL 
RATE 
WEEKLY 
RENTAL 
RATE 
4WK RENTAL 
RATE 
Air Scrubber 45 220 775 
Concrete Blankets (5,250SF)35 Blankets 340 525 865 
First Aid Kit 0 0 44 
Generator (4000 WATT) 40 100 275 
Extension Ladder (28') 30 100 175 
Fire Extinguisher (5) w/ Stanchion 65 140 250 
Pallet Jack (Standard) 40 100 250 
Heater (1500SF, 240V, 1P Electric) 50 125 320 
Trailer Steps 0 0 55 
Office Trailer- MIL03584  (10x30) 0 0 310 
Trash Cart 15 50 130 
Generator (3000 WATT) 165 295 475 
Trash Can (30 gal.) 10 30 90 
12' Electric Mast Lift 140 275 545 
19' Electric Scissor 110 195 385 
20' Electric Scissor 140 215 415 
26' Narrow Elec  180 360 690 
26' Wide Elec  180 360 690 
32' Electric Scissor 220 440 875 
40' Electric Scissor 330 660 1315 
33' RT Diesel  295 580 1155 
30' Elec Articulated 360 715 1430 
40' Elec Articulated 400 800 1595 
45' RT Diesel 4X4 Art 415 825 1650 
60' RT Diesel 4X4 Art 605 1210 2420 
40' Tel  w/6' jib 4X4 440 880 1760 
60' Tel  w/6' jib 4X4 620 1240 2475 
Komatsu 5,000 lb. Fork 325 635 1265 
5,500 lb. Tel  545 1095 2195 
10,000 lb Tel 935 1870 3740 
Guardrail System (32'- 4 Panels) 0 0 165 
Mast Light Tower [Tow Behind] 90 230 685 
Drywall Cart 25 60 165 
Fans (4' Diameter) 50 140 350 
Floor Lights 15 30 90 
Pickup Truck (F-250) 150 300 1125 
Traffic Post Stand (Barrel) (5) 5 25 105 
Fence Screen Panel w/ Grommets (5) 0 0 90 
8' W X 3' H Traffic Barriers (5) 65 95 200 
Pressure Dif. Mag Heluix Gauge 0 0 20 
Traffic Control Message Board 275 710 2075 
Sump Pump 35 55 195 
Chair (Folding) (5) 45 65 110 
Sump Pump (3 HP, 2" Hose) 15 45 115 
Office Trailer- BTC201688 (12x50) 0 0 485 
Storage Container (8x20) 0 0 215 
Guardrail Boots (10) 0 0 175 
ATV (John Deere) 65 200 595 
Fire Extinguisher (5) w/ Stanchion 85 160 305 
Table (6' Plastic Folding) 5 15 45 
Gang Box(Blue) 10 30 65 
Table (8' Plastic Folding) 5 15 25 
Trailer Steps 0 0 65 
Office Trailer- WP00184  (12x60) 0 0 530 
2-Way Radio (Pair) 15 30 95 
6' Baker Scaffold 65 105 195 
ATV (Mule) 80 250 535 
Dolly (furniture) 5 10 20 
Drywall Cart 25 60 165 
E-2
Unit Rates for Reimbursable Items

===== PAGE 110 =====
ASSET DESCRIPTION 
DAILY 
RENTAL 
RATE 
WEEKLY 
RENTAL 
RATE 
4WK RENTAL 
RATE 
Step Ladder (10') 10 30 95 
Step Ladder (6') 10 30 95 
Step Ladder (8') 10 30 95 
Fans (Box) 25 70 175 
Fans (Small Oscillating) 25 70 175 
Fans (3' Diameter) 40 120 265 
Fire Extinguisher (5) w/ Stanchion 85 160 305 
Flammable Cabinet 40 100 245 
Framing Nail Gun 15 30 90 
Laser 25 90 225 
Level (laser) 25 90 225 
Miter Box (Metal) 40 100 310 
Pin Gun (Trackfast) 10 30 90 
Hammer Drill 10 30 90 
Pallet Jack (Extended) 40 100 250 
Sign Post Hammer 15 30 90 
Pressure Washer 60 250 370 
Safety Harness 10 30 90 
Gas Pump (6 HP, 3" Hose) 110 295 425 
Sump Pump (1/3 HP, 1" Hose) 35 55 195 
Heater- (1200SF, 240V Electric) 55 155 425 
Heater (2500SF,Kerosene) 40 105 290 
Heater (2500SF,Propane) 30 80 230 
Heater (1000SF, Propane) Tank Mount 15 35 100 
Traffic Cones (4) 0 5 20 
Traffic Post Stand (Barrel) 1 5 20 
Trailer Platform 4' x 5' 0 0 35 
Trash Chute (Per 4' Section) 15 90 365 
Vacuum (Shop Vac) 25 55 165 
Vacuum (Upright Vac) 25 55 165 
Wheel Barrow 10 30 80 
Office Trailer- BCT20125  (8x16) 0 0 265 
Concrete Blankets (5,250SF)35 Blankets 340 525 860 
Guardrail Boots (10) 0 0 25 
Chain Link Panels (48LF) (4 Panels @ 12') 0 0 90 
Chain Link Fence Posts/Stands (12) 0 0 90 
Mop Bucket/Mop 0 0 25 
Floor Protection Roller 0 0 25 
Temp Partition Poles (5) 0 0 25 
E-3
Unit Rates for Reimbursable Items

===== PAGE 111 =====
Date: April 20, 2023 
Rev: 8
Description Value Notes 
Sales Trailer/Office Allowance 80,000 $                      Onsite trailer or remote sales office scope of work ; site utilities 
to trailer; site accommodations to accept trailer delivery 
including tempfencing, ramps, pads, removal of 
accommodations, etc.; all modifications to sales office trailer as 
designed and as required based on received trailer condition 
Elevator Cab Upgrade Allowance 10,000 $                      Intended for finish upgrades to elevator cab beyond  
manufacture's standard and qualified herein.  Final  selection by 
Architect and Owner 
Interior Signage Allowance 15,000 $                      Intended for interior signage in excess of code req uired signage 
listed in qualifications and as directed by CSH otherwise. 
Issue for Construction Set Allowance 200,000 $                    Intended for all changes in scope of work identifie d in issue for 
construction set of documents. 
Utility Field Direction Changes Allowance 15,000 $                      Intended for field changes by Utility providers not  identified on 
construction documents, deviating from construction 
documents or qualified otherwise 
Operator Access Control Changes Allowance 20,000 $                      Intended for items not currently shown in construction 
documents or qualified otherwise, requested as addi tional by 
Operator, and approved by Owner for the building ac cess 
control system. 
Irrigation Allowance 28,643 $                      Estimated value presented by Landscaping Contractor  for 
irrigation manufacturer delegated design system. No  
information identified on construction documents 
Remobilization & Landscaping for Sales Trailer Allo wance 20,000 $                      Intended for additional scope as a result of mobili zing and 
removing Operator sales trailer and as directed by Owner for 
any landscaping around trailer not currently shown 
Premanufactured Memory Boxes Allowance 25,000 $                      intended for premanufactured, digital memory boxes at all MC 
units.  Includes device and device enclosure only b ased on 
historical value of $20,000 on CSH - Marlton 
Temporatry Utility Consumption Fees 30,000 $                      Intended for Utility Provider usage during construc tion for all 
utility 
types Undercut Allowance 295,532 $                    Intended for unsuitable material coordination due t o existing 
soil classification and susceptibility to moisture as outlined in 
Geotechnical Report dated 12/17/20. Included allowa nce 
quantity: 4,192cy @ $70.50/cy for removal, import, place, and 
compact 
Building/Trade Permits 10,000 $                      Intended for all sub-code permit fees; Not to Exceed Value 
Temp Weather Conditions Allowance 100,000 $                    Intended for temp weather conditions coordination a s qualified 
Envelope Consultant Allowance 40,000 $                      SOW determined by Architect and Owner. Contractor to 
coordinate onsite requirements with vendor and advi se 
Architect/Owner 
Roof Top Solar Array System 150,000 $                    Vendor feedback / estimate based on CSH and Concord  input; 
Intended to include delegated design solar array in cluding 
racking, equipment, cabling, components, and testin g within 
solar system only. Excludes associated impacts to building 
systems or structure as a result of the solar design 
Cell Booster System 93,200 $                      Vendor estimate; $1.11/SF; Includes Cell Booster sy stem 
testing, design/engineering, Township documentation , cabling, 
devices, raceways, and modifications to building/af fected 
systems to accept final Cell Booster system design 
VTAC Closet Hard Ducting 30,000 $                      Assumes fabricated plenum box, flexible ducting, and filtered 
return grille above access door to mimic field modi fications 
performed at CSH Marlton 
D3 Operable Entry Windows 40,000 $                      Assumes aluminum casement windows, operators, and final 
connection to window system by LV contractor 
Grand Total 1,202,375 $              
Capitol Senior Housing 
B21.123 / CSH West Orange / West Orange, NJ 
Owner Directed Allowances 
EXHIBIT F(a)

===== PAGE 112 =====
Date: February 7, 2023 
Rev: 6
VM# Item Description Category Target Cost Accepted 
Values Status Notes 
9 Eliminate Crown Molding in Common Areas Interiors ($ 36,600) ($36,600) Accepted 
14 Utilize M2100 Smoke Curtain ilo Specified M2500 In teriors ($38,256) ($38,256) Accepted 
15 Amana VTAC Mfr ilo Freidrich MEP_FP TBD $0 Pending 
16 Stone Imprint Fence ilo Masonry, Stone Screen Wall MC 
Courtyard Exterior Envelope ($13,176) ($13,176) Accepted 
17 Potential Light Fixture VM Target MEP_FP ($41,980) $0 Pending Includes current value 
18 Utilize Select Mfr Substitutions on Food Service Equipment Interiors ($34,738) $0 Pending 
19 Landscape Target VM Redesign Sitework / Landscapin g ($32,938) $0 Pending To be coordinated with design team, currently % reduction target 
22 3CM Common Area Tops ilo Mitered 2CM Tops Interior s ($4,575) ($4,575) Accepted Counter Types CT-4 and CT-8 
26 Vinyl Siding ilo Fiber Cement Building Rear Exteri or Envelope ($11,503) ($11,503) Accepted 
30 Eliminate Display Kitchen and Associated Equipmen t Interiors ($27,001) ($27,001) Accepted 
31 Vinyl Plank at Unit Restrooms ilo Tile Floors Inte riors ($37,781) $0 Pending Cannot be Combined w/ VM #102 
35 Standard Saw Cut Concrete Patio ilo Stamped Sitewo rk / Landscaping ($3,715) ($3,715) Accepted 
39 Infill 2nd Floor Lobby Opening (Eliminate Fire Cu rtain) Interiors ($13,904) ($13,904) Accepted 
41 Eliminate Club Room Built In Shelving Interiors ($10,980) ($10,980) Accepted 
43 Simplify Bistro Island Millwork Interiors ($7,503) ($7,503) Accepted 
45 Eliminate AL Dining Wood Veneer Soffits Interiors ( $6,039) ($6,039) Accepted Replace with GWB Box Soffits 
46 Eliminate Demo Kitchen Millwork Island Interiors ($ 23,241) ($23,241) Accepted 
47 Eliminate AL Dining Stand Alone Cabinet Interiors ( $6,771) ($6,771) Accepted Furniture Cost not Included, By Owner 
48 Eliminate Decorative Glass Barn Doors at Private Dining Interiors ($2,288) ($2,288) Accepted Replace with Wood Panel Barn Doors 
51 Eliminate MC Living Fireplace Built In Cabinet Li ghts Interiors ($2,333) ($2,333) Accepted 
52 Eliminate M-1 Accent Tile at MC Living Fireplace I nteriors ($3,189) ($3,189) Accepted Replace with Accent Paint 
53 Eliminate Decorative Wood Beams at MC Dining/Acti vity ($11,598) ($11,598) Accepted Replace with Perimeter GWB Soffit Only 
54 Eliminate MC Dining/Activity Millwork Lighting Int eriors ($778) ($778) Accepted 
56 Eliminate Wall Oven, Drop In Induction, Undercounter 
Refrigerator, Freezer at MC Dining/Activity Interiors ($6,657) ($6,657) Accepted 
58 Eliminate Coffered Specialty Ceiling and Decorative  Lights at 
Library Interiors ($3,111) ($3,111) Accepted Replace with GWB ceiling 
60 Eliminate Theater Millwork Interiors ($7,320) ($7,320) Accepted 
63 Eliminate Open Shelving and Lights at Theater Mil lwork Interiors ($2,471) ($2,471) Accepted 
64 Simplify Theater Barn Doors Interiors ($1,464) ($1,464) Accepted 
65 Eliminate Theater Entry Wall Panel Molding Interio rs ($641) ($641) Accepted 
72 Eliminate AL Fireplace Millwork Lighting Interiors ($2,333) ($2,333) Accepted 
74 Eliminate AL Lounge Fireplace, Millwork Wall, 2nd  Floor Interiors ($25,259) ($25,259) Accepted Replace with Accent Wall at $25/SF Material Cost 
75 Eliminate Sports Lounge Decorative Ceilings Interi ors ($26,261) ($26,261) Accepted Replace with GWB Ceilings, Wood Beams to Remain 
76 Eliminate W-15, WC-15 Accent Walls Interiors ($8,389) ($8,389) Accepted Replace with Accent Paint 
77 Eliminate (1) Sports Lounge Undercounter Fridge In teriors ($1,267) ($1,267) Accepted No New Cabinet Infill Included 
79 Simplify Sports Lounge Island Interiors ($4,118) ($4,118) Accepted 
80 Eliminate AL Living Fireplace, Millwork Wall Inter iors ($23,974) ($23,974) Accepted Replace with Accent Wall at $25/SF Material Cost 
81 Eliminate AL Lounge Fireplace, Millwork Wall, 3rd  Floor Interiors ($22,816) ($22,816) Accepted Replace with Accent Wall at $25/SF Material Cost 
84 U9,U10,U11,U14,U15,U16 Toilet Accessory Substitut ions Interiors ($33,997) ($33,997) Accepted 
96 Remove Porte-cochere at Front Entrance, add entra nce canopy Exterior Envelope ($50,733) $0 Pending Assume 150 SF Prefab Canopy t $170 per SF 
98 Remove Sports Lounge Balcony Exterior Envelope ($31,462) ($31,462) Accepted 
100 Increase Wood Roof Truss Size to 24" depth Exteri or Envelope ($15,941) ($15,941) Accepted 
102 Sheet Vinyl in lieu of ceramic tile at Restrooms Interiors ($80,718) ($80,718) Accepted 
117 AL Resident Corridors: Eliminate Purse Shelves In teriors TBD $0 Pending 
134 Common Corridor: Stock doors ilo Custom Entry Do ors Interiors TBD $0 Pending Requires design input - TBD 
137 Sports Lounge: Eliminate Skylight Interiors ($13,066) ($13,066) Accepted 
138 Sports Lounge: LVT ilo Porcelain Floor Tile Inter iors ($7,393) ($7,393) Accepted 
Capitol Seniors Housing 
B21.123 | CSH West Orange 
GMP 
Value Management Summary 
F(b)-1
EXHIBIT F(b)

===== PAGE 113 =====
Date: February 7, 2023 
Rev: 6
VM# Item Description Category Target Cost Accepted 
Values Status Notes 
Capitol Seniors Housing 
B21.123 | CSH West Orange 
GMP 
Value Management Summary 
139 Multipurpose: 4"H backsplash and paint ilo accent tile at 
millwork Interiors ($1,332) ($1,332) Accepted 
141 MC Corridor: Eliminate purse shelves Interiors ($7,595) ($7,595) Accepted 
143 MC Corridor: Painted Drywall ilo Panel Molding at half walls 
between Corridor and Dining Room/Living Room Interiors ($2,471) $0 Pending 
149 Eliminate VTAC Condensate Drain Risers, Dry Well s MEP_FP ($27,783) $0 Pending Standard Exterior Wall Drains 
150 Azek Wood Pergola ilo Trex at AL Dining Exterior Envelope ($56,858) ($56,858) Accepted 
151 Standard Paint in lieu of Super Sanitizing Interi ors ($36,600) ($36,600) Accepted 
152 Alternate Firecurtain Manufacturer Interiors ($66,944) $0 Pending Cannot be combined with VM#14 
153 Reduced Structural Steel Package Interiors ($15,225) $0 Pending Requires significant design input and subcontractor  coordination to finalize value.  
Assumed possible 6-ton savings @ $2,500/ton 
154 Remove Ceiling Drops at all entrances Interiors T BD $0 Pending 
($644,492) 
F(b)-2
*Reference Exhibit B for VM qualifications

===== PAGE 114 =====
F(b)-3
CAPITOL SENIORS HOUSING
WEST ORANGE  
INTERIOR VE OPTIONS
5/27/2022
THE FOLLOWING NOTES SUMMARIZE
THE INTERIORS VE MEETING ON
5/27/2022 BETWEEN CSH AND MEYER.
PARTICIPANTS:
KYLE HENDERSON, CSH
DAVE ENNIS, CSH
BRANDON MCHUGH, CSH
RYAN NERO, CSH
SHANNON REMALEY, MEYER
PAUL BUTALA, MEYER
TRENT GERBER, MEYER
KELLY IBACH, MEYER

===== PAGE 115 =====
F(b)-4
LOBBY
ELIMINATE WALLCOVERING, REPLACE
WITH ACCENT PAINT
ELIMINATE
ACCENT FLOOR
TILE
FILL IN THIS OPENING TO ELIMINATE
NEED FOR FIRE CURTAIN
ADD TO VE LIST
ADD TO VE LIST BUT NOT A
PREFERRED OPTION BY CSH
ADD TO VE LIST
IMC VM #39
IMC VM #40
IMC VM NIC

===== PAGE 116 =====
F(b)-5
CLUB ROOM
REMOVE MILLWORK
ADD TO VE LIST
IMC VM #41

===== PAGE 117 =====
F(b)-6
REF. 2' - 10" 
CABINETS AS SCHEDULED 
STONE COUNTERTOP & 
BACK/SIDE SPLASH AS SCHEDULED 
PAINT AS SCHEDULED, P -17 
CROWN AS SCHEDULED 
4" 
FILLER 
EQ. 1' - 6" 
ART BY OTHERS, 
GC TO PROVIDE 
ADDITIONAL BLOCKING 
PICTURE LIGHT AS SCHEDULED 
8' - 0" 
EQ. EQ. 
3' - 0" CLEAR FILLER 
EQ. 
8
A5.32 
1/2" = 1'-0" A5.22 
10 ELEV_DISCOVERY MILLWORK 
DISCOVERY
R
FD 
DISCOVERY 
1013 
1016 
TLT 
1017 
ELIMINATE CROWN MOULDING
ADD TO VE LIST
IMC VM #42

===== PAGE 118 =====
F(b)-7
BISTRO
SIMPLIFY BAR DESIGN
- REMOVE CROSS
DETAIL - ONLY KEEP
PERIMETER, REMOVE
SIDE PORTION NOTED
AND USE IMAGE AS
INSPIRATION FOR
REVISED ELEVATION
FOR FORM ONLY WITH
SIDE SUPPORTS AND
OPEN CENTER
ADD TO VE LIST
IMC VM #43

===== PAGE 119 =====
F(b)-8
BISTRO 
REMOVE CROSS
DETAIL - ONLY KEEP
PERIMETER
ADD TO VE LIST
IMC VM #43

===== PAGE 120 =====
F(b)-9
AL DINING 
ELIMINATE WALLCOVERING, REPLACE
WITH ACCENT PAINT
REMOVE DEMO KITCHEN ENTIRELY
ELIMINATE WOOD VENEER SOFFITS
AND REPLACE WITH GWB, SIMPLIFY
DESIGN WITH ONLY FLAT SURFACE, NO
"SCORES"
REPLACE THIS MILLWORK WITH A
PIECE OF FURNITURE
ADD TO VE LIST
ADD TO VE LIST
ADD TO VE LIST
DO A VE OPTION THAT KEEPS DEMO
KITCHEN BUT REMOVE STOVE TOP
AND HOOD
ADD TO VE LIST
IMC VM #44
IMC VM #45
IMC VM #46
IMC VM #47

===== PAGE 121 =====
F(b)-10
AL DINING 
ELIMINATE WALLCOVERING, REPLACE
WITH ACCENT PAINT
ADD TO VE LIST
ADD TO VE LIST
ELIMINATE WOOD VENEER SOFFITS
AND REPLACE WITH GWB, SIMPLIFY
DESIGN WITH ONLY FLAT SURFACE, NO
"SCORES"
IMC VM #44
IMC VM #45

===== PAGE 122 =====
F(b)-11
PRIVATE DINING 
PR. DINING 
1021 
ELIMINATE DECORATIVE GLASS.
REPLACE WITH WOOD.
ADD TO VE LIST
IMC VM #48

===== PAGE 123 =====
F(b)-12
PRIVATE DINING 
DESIGN INTENT TV: 65" 
PROVIDED BY OWNER, INSTALLED BY GC 
ACCENT WALLCOVERING 
AS SCHEDULED, WC -4
2" WIDE X 1" THICK 
PAINT GRADE FLAT STOCK 
WITH CHAMFERED EDGE 
PAINT AS SCHEDULED, P -17 
1' - 0" 1' - 0" 
2' - 10" 
BASE AS SCHEDULED 
SEE KEYNOTE 27 ON 
A1.01A 
PM -3, P -1B 
CHAIR RAIL AS SCHEDULED 
PAINT AS SCHEDULED, P -17 
P-19 @ INSIDE OF POP UP P-19 @ INSIDE OF POP UP 
1/2" = 1'-0" A5.24 
2 ELEV_PRIVATE DINING SOUTH 
2' - 6" 
ACCENT WALLCOVERING 
AS SCHEDULED, WC -4
2" WIDE X 1" THICK 
PAINT GRADE FLAT STOCK 
WITH CHAMFERED EDGE 
2' - 10" 
1' - 0" 1' - 0" 
BASE AS SCHEDULED 
PM -3, P -1B 
CHAIR RAIL AS SCHEDULED 
ACCENT WALLCOVERING 
AS SCHEDULED, WC -5
PAINT AS SCHEDULED, P -17 
LIGHT FIXTURE AS SCHEDULED 
5' - 0" 
P-19 @ INSIDE OF POP UP P-19 @ INSIDE OF POP UP 
1/2" = 1'-0" A5.24 
1 ELEV_PRIVATE DINING EAST 
REMOVE ACCENT WALLCOVERING
REMOVE ACCENT WALLCOVERING
ADD TO VE LIST
ADD TO VE LIST
IMC VM #49
IMC VM #49

===== PAGE 124 =====
F(b)-13
MC LIVING
MC LIVING 
1034 
COR 
150 
DESIGN INTENT TV: 65" 
PROVIDED BY OWNER, INSTALLED BY GC 
4' - 4" 
ELECTRIC FIREPLACE 
AS SCHEDULED 
6" 
2" THICK X 12" DEEP PAINT GRADE 
SOLID WOOD SHELVES, P -1B 
RECESSED MILLWORK LIGHTS CENTERED 
ON EACH SHELF, SEE ELECTRICAL 
DRAWINGS FOR MORE INFO 
FINISHED END PANEL, FINISH 
TO MATCH ADJACENT 
CABINET 
PAINT GRADE VENEER OVER 3/8" 
THK PLYWOOD, P -1B 
WALL FINISH AS SCHEDULED, 
P-15B 
ACCENT TILE AS SCHEDULED, M -1
TILE TO BE BOOK MATCHED AT 
CENTER AS SHOWN 
METAL TRIM, SCHLUTER -JOLLY, SATIN 
BRASS ANODIZED ALUMINUM, GC TO 
CONFIRM HEIGHT 
OVERHANG 
1" 
TYP. 
2 1/2" 
1' - 9" 1' - 9" EQ 
VIF 
4' - 0" 
1' - 9" 1' - 9" EQ EQ 
2' - 10" 
CROWN AS SCHEDULED 
2" 
2" 
CABINET AS SCHEDULED 
NOTE: ALL CABINETS AND DRAWERS TO HAVE LOCKS, KEYED  ALIKE. HARDWARE FINISH TO MATCH SCHEDULED DECORATIVE HARDWARE. 
5" H TEMBOUR SHEET WITH 
1/2" H STAIN GRADE SOLID WOOD 
BOARD @ TOP AND BOTTOM, 
MFR: OUTWATER, S1624 -MP, MAPLE 
STAIN TO MATCH F -16 
EQ 
EQ 
EQ 
4' - 0" 
ALIGN 
PAINT GRADE 
2" WIDE X 1/2" THICK 
SOLID WOOD FLAT STOCK 
WITH INTERIOR CHAMFER EDGES, 
P-12A 
2" 
COUNTERTOP 
AS SCHEDULED 
ACCENT TILE AS SCHEDULED, 
W-3
EQ EQ 
8
A5.34 
9
A5.34 
LIGHT FIXTURE AS SCHEDULED 
(3) EQ 
7
1/2" = 1'-0" A5.24 
11 ELEV_MC LIVING MILLWORK 
REMOVE MILLWORK LIGHTS
REMOVE ACCENT TILE AND REPLACE
WITH GWB AND ACCENT PAINT
REMOVE CROWN MOULDING
ADD TO VE LIST
ADD TO VE LIST
ADD TO VE LIST
IMC VM #50
IMC VM #51
IMC VM #52

===== PAGE 125 =====
F(b)-14
MC DINING/ACTIVITY
REPLACE WOOD BEAMS WITH GWB
SOFFITS
REMOVE MILLWORK LIGHTING
REMOVE WALLCOVERING AND
REPLACE WITH ACCENT PAINT
ADD TO VE LIST,
CREATE PERIMETER
GWB SOFFIT ONLY
ADD TO VE LIST
ADD TO VE LIST
REMOVE WALL OVEN, DROP-IN
INDUCTION, UNDERCOUNTER
REFRIGERATOR, AND
UNDERCOUNTER FREEZER
ADD TO VE LIST
IMC VM #53
IMC VM #54
IMC VM #55
IMC VM #56

===== PAGE 126 =====
F(b)-15
LIBRARY
REMOVE COFFERED CEILING DESIGN,
REPLACE WITH SIMPLE GWB POP-UP
REMOVE WALL SCONCES
REMOVE CROWN MOULDING
ADD TO VE LIST
ADD TO VE LIST,
REMOVE DECORATIVE
LIGHTS AS WELL
ADD TO VE LIST
IMC VM #57
IMC VM #58
IMC VM #59

===== PAGE 127 =====
F(b)-16
THEATER
THEATER 
2004 
80" TV SCREEN USED FOR DESIGN INTENT. 
TV PROVIDED BY OWNER, 
INSTALLED BY GC. 
PROVIDE BLOCKING AS REQUIRED 
EQ. 
EQ. 
EQ. ACCENT WALLCOVERING AS SCHEDULED, WC -14 
WALL COVERING AS SPECIFIED, 
WC -6
CROWN AS SCHEDULED 
BASE AS SCHEDULED 
WALLSCONCE AS SCHEDULED 
6" 
3" 
CABINET AS SCHEDULED 
2' - 10" 
RECESSED MILLWORK LIGHTS CENTERED 
ON EACH SHELF, SEE ELECTRICAL 
DRAWINGS FOR MORE INFO 
STAIN GRADE VENEER OVER 3/8" 
THK PLYWOOD, FINISH TO 
MATCH ADJACENT CABINET 
STONE COUNTERTOP AND BACKSPLASH AS SCHEDULED 
STAIN GRADE 2" WIDE X 1/2" THICK SOLID 
WOOD FLAT STOCK WITH INTERIOR 
CHAMFER EDGES, FINISH TO MATCH 
ADJACENT CABINET 
PAINT GRADE 
3 1/2" WIDE X 1/2" THICK 
SOLID WOOD FLAT STOCK 
WITH INTERIOR CHAMFER 
EDGES, P -20A 
PAINT GRADE 
7" WIDE X 1/2" THICK 
SOLID WOOD FLAT STOCK 
WITH CHAMFER EDGES, P -20A 
TYP. 
3 1/2" 
WALL COVERING AS SPECIFIED, 
WC -63' - 4" 
7" 
6' - 2" 
EQ EQ 
3" 
3" 
STAIN GRADE VENEER OVER 3/4" 
THK PLYWOOD, FINISH TO 
MATCH ADJACENT CABINET 
1/2" WIDE X 1/4" THICK 
METAL STOCK 
FINISH TO MATCH ADJACENT 
CABINET PULL 
135° 
2
A5.36 
1
A5.36 
3' - 0" 3' - 0" 3' - 0" 3' - 0" 
2' - 6" VIF 
EQ 
2' - 6" VIF 
EQ 
TYP. 
  2"
ALIGN 
ALIGN 
1/2" = 1'-0" A5.27 
5 ELEV_THEATER MILLWORK WEST 
REMOVE MILLWORK ENTIRELY
REMOVE CROWN MOULDING
SIMPLIFY CABINET DESIGN
REMOVE WALLCOVERING, REPLACE
WITH ACCENT PAINT
ADD TO VE LIST
ADD TO VE LIST
ADD TO VE LIST
ADD TO VE LIST
REMOVE OPEN SHELVING AND
MILLWORK LIGHTS
ADD TO VE LIST
IMC VM #60
IMC VM #61
IMC VM #62
IMC VM #63

===== PAGE 128 =====
F(b)-17
THEATER
POPCORN MACHINE BY OTHERS 
COUNTERTOP AS SCHEDULED 
CABINETS AS SCHEDULED 
OVERHANG 
1" 
2' - 10" 
ACCENT WALLCOVERING AS SCHEDULED, WC -6
CROWN AS SCHEDULED 
WALL FINISH AS 
SCHEDULED, P -20B 
WALL FINISH AS SCHEDULED, 
P-20B 
DOOR AS SCHEDULED, 
SEE DOOR SCHEDULE 
FOR MORE 
INFORMATION 
DOOR AS SCHEDULED, 
SEE DOOR SCHEDULE 
FOR MORE 
INFORMATION 
3' - 4" 
3 1/2" 
BASE AS SCHEDULED 
PAINT GRADE 
3 1/2" WIDE X 1/2" THICK 
SOLID WOOD FLAT STOCK 
WITH INTERIOR CHAMFER 
EDGES, P -20A 
PAINT GRADE 
7" WIDE X 1/2" THICK 
SOLID WOOD FLAT STOCK 
WITH CHAMFER EDGES, P -20A 
7' - 2" 
LIGHT FIXTURE AS 
SCHEDULED 
END PANEL 
2" 2' - 6" 2' - 6" 2' - 6" 2' - 6" 
FILLER 
2" 
FINISHED END 
FINISHED END PANEL, 
STAIN GRADE VENEER OVER 3/8" 
THK PLYWOOD, S -3
2' - 1" 
1/2" = 1'-0" A5.27 
4 ELEV_THEATER MILLWORK SOUTH 
DOOR AS SCHEDULED, 
SEE DOOR SCHEDULE FOR 
MORE INFORMATION 
ART BY OTHERS, 
GC TO PROVIDE 
ADDITIONAL BLOCKING 
ART BY OTHERS, 
GC TO PROVIDE 
ADDITIONAL BLOCKING 
ACCENT WALLCOVERING AS 
SCHEDULED, WC -6
BASE AS SCHEDULED 
CROWN AS SCHEDULED 
PAINT GRADE 
3 1/2" WIDE X 1/2" THICK 
SOLID WOOD FLAT STOCK 
WITH INTERIOR CHAMFER 
EDGES, P -20A 
7" 
3' - 4" 
3 1/2" 
3 1/2" 
3 1/2" 
PAINT GRADE 
7" WIDE X 1/2" THICK 
SOLID WOOD FLAT STOCK 
WITH CHAMFER EDGES, P -20A 
1/2" = 1'-0" A5.27 
3 ELEV_THEATER BARN DOORS 
REMOVE MILLWORK ENTIRELY
REMOVE WALLCOVERING AND
REPLACE WITH ACCENT PAINT
SIMPLIFY BARN DOOR DESIGN
ADD TO VE LIST
ADD TO VE LIST
ADD TO VE LIST
REMOVE WALL COVERING AND PANEL
MOULDING DESIGN
ADD TO VE LIST
IMC VM #61
IMC VM #60
IMC VM #64
IMC VM #65

===== PAGE 129 =====
F(b)-18
MULTI-PURPOSE ROOM
MULTI-PURPOSE 
2005 
ART HANGING SYSTEM, AS HANGING DISPLAY 
SYSTEM 
CLICK RAIL TRACK, BLACK FINISH W/ 
STAINLESS STEEL 
T-END CABLE AND (2) SELF GRIPPING HOOKS 
PER EACH CABLE. 
EQ. EQ. 6' - 0" 
7' - 8" 
ACCENT PAINT AS SCHEDULED, P -25 
DOOR AS SCHEDULED, 
SEE DOOR SCHEDULE 
FOR MORE 
INFORMATION 
WALL FINISH AS SCHEDULED, P -20B 
ACCENT PAINT AS SCHEDULED, P -25 
CROWN AS SCHEDULED 
BASE AS SCHEDULED 
6' - 6" 
ART 
BY 
OTHERS 
ART 
BY 
OTHERS 
ART 
BY 
OTHERS 
ART 
BY 
OTHERS 
ART 
BY 
OTHERS 
ART 
BY 
OTHERS 
WALL FINISH AS SCHEDULED, P -20B 
LIGHT FIXTURE AS SCHEDULED 
1/2" = 1'-0" A5.27 
7 ELEV_MULTI-PURPOSE SOUTH 
REMOVE CROWN MOULDING
DOOR AS SCHEDULED, 
SEE DOOR SCHEDULE 
FOR MORE 
INFORMATION 
(3) EQ 
ACCENT TILE 
AS SCHEDULED, W -8
WALL FINISH AS SCHEDULED, P -20B 
CROWN AS SCHEDULED 
BASE AS SCHEDULED 
WALL FINISH AS SCHEDULED, P -20B 
CABINETS AS SCHEDULED 
CABINETS AS SCHEDULED 
3' - 1" 
FILLER 
1" 2' - 0" 
FILLER 
3" 1' - 6" 1' - 3" 3' - 0" 1' - 3" 
TRASH 
1' - 6" 
FILLER 
3" 2' - 0" 
FINISHED END 
1" OVERHANG 
2' - 10" 
TYP. 
1 1/2" 
EQ. EQ. EQ. 
4" 
2' - 9" 
2' - 4" 
EQ. FILLER EQ. EQ. EQ. EQ. FILLER 
5' - 9" 
2' - 4" 
4" 
UNDERCABINET MILLWORK LIGHT 
STAIN GRADE 
CUSTOM WOOD SLOTS, 
S-3
COUNTERTOP, BACK/SIDE 
SPLASH AS SCHEDULED 
RECESSED MILLWORK LIGHTS CENTERED 
ON EACH SHELF, SEE ELECTRICAL 
DRAWINGS FOR MORE INFO 
PAINT GRADE VENEER OVER 3/8" 
THK PLYWOOD, P -21 
PAINT GRADE 2" WIDE X 1/2" THICK SOLID 
WOOD FRAME WITH INTERIOR CHAMFER 
EDGES,  
P-21 
8
A5.32 
3
A5.36 
5
A5.36 
4
A5.36 
FINISHED END 
1/2" = 1'-0" A5.27 
6 ELEV_MULTI-PURPOSE MILLWORK 
RESELECT ACCENT TILE TO LESS EXPENSIVE
OPTION, $25/SF MATERIAL COST
ADD TO VE LIST
ADD TO VE LIST
MAKE THIS OPEN SHELVING RATHER
THAN CABINETS
ADD TO VE LIST
IMC VM #66
IMC VM #67
IMC VM #68

===== PAGE 130 =====
F(b)-19
WELLNESS, FITNESS, &
REHAB 
R
CLEAR 
2' - 2" 
2' - 10" 
FILLER AS REQ'D 
TRASH CAB 
1' - 6" 1' - 9" 
REF. 
CROWN AS SCHEDULED 
BASE AS SCHEDULED 
WALL FINISH AS SCHEDULED, 
P-17 
CABINETS AS SCHEDULED 
ACCENT PAINT AS SCHEDULED, P -12B 
COUNTERTOP 
AND BACK SPLASH 
AS SCHEDULED 
8
A5.32 
1/2" = 1'-0" A5.25 
11 ELEV_WELLNESS LOUNGE 
R
R
FD 
REF. 
EVTR #2 
1EV02 
. DIR.
11
WELLNESS 
2012 
REHAB 
2013 
AL-C1 
223 
AL-F4 
222 
FITNESS 
2014 
207 
WELL. LOUNGE 
2010 
REMOVE CROWN MOULDING
ADD TO VE LIST
IMC VM #69

===== PAGE 131 =====
F(b)-20
WELLNESS, FITNESS, &
REHAB 
1' - 6" 
15" DEEP UPPER CABINETS AS 
SCHEDULED 
UNDERCABINET LIGHT AS 
SCHEDULED 
COUNTERTOP AND 
BACKSPLASH AS SCHEDULED 
CONCEALED RAKKS 
BRACKETS, TYP (BRACKET 
TO COVER 3/4 OF 
CANTILEVER DEPTH AND 
SPACED 3' -0" O.C.) 
BASE AS SCHEDULED 
WALL FINISH AS SCHEDULED, P -11A 
NOTE: ALL DOORS & DRAWERS TO HAVE LOCKS, KEYED ALIK E 
REF. 
1' - 6" 2' - 9" 
3" DIAMETER SS GROMMETS 
AT EACH DESK LOCATION 
1' - 6" 2' - 3" 
FILLER 
EQ. 
EQ. 
2' - 10" 
EQ. 
FILLER 
EQ. 1' - 6" 1' - 6" 1' - 6" 1' - 6" 1' - 6" 1' - 6" 1' - 6" 1' - 6" 1' - 6" 1' - 6" 1' - 0" 
2' - 6" 
8" 
1' - 5" 
2' - 8" 
2 3/4" 
OVERHANG 
1" 
7
A5.32 
3
A5.32 
12 
A5.32 
11 
A5.32 
2
A5.32 
LASH 
1/2" = 1'-0" A5.25 
12 ELEV_WELLNESS 
DESIGN INTENT TV: 55" 
PROVIDED BY OWNER, INSTALLED BY GC 
DESIGN INTENT TV: 55" 
PROVIDED BY OWNER, INSTALLED BY GC 
2' - 10" 
EQ 
EQ 
TYP. 
1 1/2" 
ACCENT WALLCOVERING AS SCHEDULED, WC -1
WALL FINISH AS 
SCHEDULED, P -11B 
5' - 5" 
12' - 8" EQ FILLER EQ FILLER 
(5) EQ 
BASE FINISH AS 
SCHEDULED 
STAIN GRADE SOLID 
WOOD BASE, 
STAIN TO MATCH M -9
4" 
2' - 4 1/2" 
1 1/2" 
1-1/2" THICK PLAM 
CUBBIES; M -9
1-1/2" THICK 
PAINT GRADE SOLID WOOD 
PANEL WITH 1" OVERHANG 
@ FRONT 
3" 3" 
EQ EQ 
12 
A5.33 
2' - 10" 
1/2" = 1'-0" A5.25 
10 ELEV_FITNESS TV WALL 
REMOVE WALLCOVERING, REPLACE
WITH ACCENT PAINT
ADD TO VE LIST
IMC VM #70

===== PAGE 132 =====
F(b)-21
WELLNESS, FITNESS, &
REHAB 
G.C. TO COORDINATE W/ 
MANUFACTURER TO 
PROVIDE MAX SUPPORT 
NEEDED.  SUPPORTS 
SHOWN FOR INTENT ONLY. 
7' - 6" 
(4) EQ. PANELS 
WALL FINISH AS 
SCHEDULED, P -11B 
BASE AS SCHEDULED 
REFER TO 
CONSTRUCTION PLAN 
KEYNOTE 22 FOR 
MIRROR AND BALLET 
BAR SPECIFICATION 
EQ. A EQ. A 
16' - 0" 4' - 2" 
1/2" = 1'-0" A5.25 
9 ELEV_FITNESS MIRRORS 
NOTE: ALL DOORS & DRAWERS TO HAVE LOCKS, KEYED ALIK E 
CABINETS AS SCHEDULED 
UNDERCABINET LIGHTS 
AS SCHEDULED 
COUNTERTOP SUPPORTS AS 
REQUIRED (BRACKET TO COVER 
3/4 OF CANTILEVER DEPTH AND 
SPACED 3' -0" O.C.) 
BASE AS SCHEDULED 
CLEAR 
3' - 0" 1' - 9" 2" FILLER 
2' - 6" 
8" 
1' - 10" 
3' - 0" 
2' - 10" 
2 3/4" 
OVERHANG 
1" 
ALIGN 
3' - 0" 1' - 9" FILLER 
COUNTERTOP AND 
BACKSPLASH AS SCHEDULED 
WALL FINISH AS SCHEDULED, P -11B 
DOOR AS SCHEDULED, 
SEE DOOR SCHEDULE FOR 
MORE INFORMATION 
FILLER 1' - 9" 
CLEAR 
3' - 0" 2" 
2' - 10" 
4" 
1' - 10" 
3' - 0" 
FILLER 
1' - 9" 3' - 0" 2" 
11 
A5.32 
12 
A5.32 
7
A5.32 
1/2" = 1'-0" A5.25 
8 ELEV_FITNESS MILLWORK 
WALL FINISH AS SCHEDULED, P -11B 

===== PAGE 133 =====
F(b)-22
W 
COUNTERTOP SUPPORTS AS 
REQUIRED (BRACKET TO COVER 
3/4 OF CANTILEVER DEPTH AND 
SPACED 3' -0" O.C.) 
CABINETS AS SCHEDULED 
COUNTERTOP AND BACKSPLASH 
AS SCHEDULED 
BASE AS SCHEDULED 
NOTE: ALL DOORS & DRAWERS TO HAVE LOCKS, KEYED ALIK E 
EQ 
FILLER 
1 1/2" 
1" 
CLEAR 
2' - 6" 1" 
CLEAR 
3' - 4" 
EQ. EQ. EQ. 
3" DIAMETER SS GROMMET AT 
DESK AREA 
ALIGN 
EQ. EQ. EQ. EQ. 
2' - 6" 1' - 6" 
FILLER 
1 1/2" 
FINISHED END 
OVERHANG 
1" 
2 3/4" 
WALL FINISH AS 
SCHEDULED, P -11A 
CABINETS AS SCHEDULED 
2' - 10" 
2' - 6" 
11 
A5.32 
7
A5.32 
12 
A5.32 
2
A5.32 
1/2" = 1'-0" A5.25 
13 ELEV_REHAB 
WELLNESS, FITNESS, &
REHAB 

===== PAGE 134 =====
F(b)-23
AL LOUNGE - 2ND FLOOR
AL LOUNGE 
2015 
DESIGN INTENT TV: 65" 
PROVIDED BY OWNER, INSTALLED BY GC 
PAINT GRADE 
1" WIDE X 1/2" THICK 
SOLID WOOD FLAT STOCK, P -1B 
STAIN GRADE CUSTOM WOOD MANTEL, 
S-1, SEE SECTION FOR DETAIL 
ACCENT TILE, 
W-17 
PAINT GRADE VENEER OVER 3/8" THICK 
PLYWOOD, P -1B 
GAS FIREPLACE 
AS SCHEDULED 
CROWN AS SCHEDULED 
(3) EQ 
WALL FINISH 
AS SCHEDULED, P -17 
2' - 10" 
3' - 0" 
EQ FILLER EQ FILLER 
3" 3" 
4' - 0" 
6' - 0" 
(6) EQ SPACING 
3" 
3" WIDE PAINT GRADE WOOD FRAME, 
P-12A 
2" 
2" THICK PLYWOOD FIXED SHELVES, 
PAINT GRADE, P -12A 
8" 
8" 2" THICK STAIN GRADE 
SOLID WOOD COUNTERTOP, S -1
CABINET AS SCHEDULED 
ACCENT 
WALLCOVERING 
WC -12 
ACCENT 
WALLCOVERING 
WC -12 
ACCENT 
WALLCOVERING 
WC -12 
6
A5.35 
7
A5.35 
RECESSED MILLWORK LIGHTS CENTERED 
ON EACH SHELF, SEE ELECTRICAL 
DRAWINGS FOR MORE INFO 
LIGHT FIXTURE AS SCHEDULED 
1/2" = 1'-0" A5.27 
2 ELEV_AL LOUNGE MILLWORK 
A5.27 2
1' - 6" 
6" 
6" 
VIF 
3' - 10" 
6' - 0" 
VIF 
3' - 10" 
TV BY OWNER, INSTALLED BY GC 
STONE HEARTH AT 
FLOOR, F -35 
GAS FIREPLACE AS SCHEDULED 
ACCENT TILE, W -17 
STAIN GRADE CUSTOM WOOD 
MANTEL, S -1
1' - 1" 
1/4" = 1'-0" A5.27 
1 ENLARGED PLAN - AL LOUNGE MILLWORK 
REMOVE WALLCOVERING, REPLACE
WITH ACCENT PAINT
REMOVE MILLWORK
LIGHTING
REMOVE CROWN MOULDING
ELIMINATE MILLWORK AND FIREPLACE
AND REPLACE WITH ACCENT WALL
FINISH, $25 SQ FT MATERIAL COST
ADD TO VE LIST
ADD TO VE LIST
ADD TO VE LIST
ADD TO VE LIST
IMC VM #71
IMC VM #72
IMC VM #73
IMC VM #74

===== PAGE 135 =====
F(b)-24
SPORTS LOUNGE
REMOVE TILE ACCENT
WALL, PAINT
REMOVE CEILING
PANELS, REPLACE
WITH GWB POP UP
ONLY AND WOOD
BEAMS
ADD TO VE LIST
ADD TO VE LIST
EVALUATE MT LAUREL DESIGN AND
REPLICATE
IMC VM #75
IMC VM #76

===== PAGE 136 =====
F(b)-25
SPORTS LOUNGE
SIMPLIFY ISLAND DESIGN. MILLWORK
AT ISLAND TO BE SIMILAR TO BELOW
WITH 2 SIDES SUPPORTS, NO CENTER
MILLWORK
ELIMINATE 1 U/C FRIDGE
ELIMINATE MICROWAVE
ADD TO VE LIST
ADD TO VE LIST
ADD TO VE LIST
IMC VM #77
IMC VM #78
IMC VM #79

===== PAGE 137 =====
F(b)-26
SALON
SALON 
3003 
CROWN MOULDING 
AS SCHEDULED 
BASE 
AS SCHEDULED 
ART BY OTHERS, 
GC TO PROVIDE 
ADDITIONAL BLOCKING 
TYP. 
3" 
VIF 
5' - 9 3/4" 6" 
6" 
3' - 0" 6" 3' - 0" 
6" 
6" 
6" 
ALIGN ALIGN 
ALIGN ALIGN 
ACCENT 
WALLCOVERING 
AS SCHEDULED, 
WC -9
ACCENT 
WALLCOVERING 
AS SCHEDULED, 
WC -9
ACCENT 
WALLCOVERING 
AS SCHEDULED, 
WC -9
PAINT GRADE 
3" WIDE X 1/2" THICK 
SOLID WOOD FLAT STOCK 
WITH INTERIOR CHAMFER 
EDGES, 
DIRECTLY APPLIED TO 
WALL, P -23 
MITER CORNERS, TYP 
PANEL MOULDING DIRECTLY APPLY TO CEILING, 
SEE RCP FOR MORE INFORMATION 
WALL FINISH 
AS SCHEDULED, P -11B 
1/2" = 1'-0" A5.26 
10 ELEV_SALON ACCENT WALL 

===== PAGE 138 =====
F(b)-27
SALON
STYLE STATION; SEE EQUIPMENT 
SPECIFICATION FOR MORE INFO 3' - 4" 
DECORATIVE GLASS PANEL, 
PATTERNS TO ALIGN BETWEEN 
(2) PANELS, M -6
EQ. 3' - 0" EQ 
FILLER AS REQUIRED. 
FINISH TO MATCH STYLE 
STATION 
3" WIDE STAIN GRADE 
WOOD FRAME, STAIN TO 
MATCH ADJACENT CABINET, 
(FORMICA, 9283 -NG) 4' - 4" 
3/8" THK 
LOW IRON TEMPERED MIRROR 
ON BOTH SIDE OF STATIONS. 
VIF 
3" 
TYP. 
3" 
CT -6 STONE END CAP WITH 1" 
OVERHANG, TYP. 
ALIGN 
WALL FINISH AS SCHEDULED, P -11B 
BASE AS SCHEDULED 
PANEL MOULDING DIRECTLY APPLY TO CEILING, 
SEE RCP FOR MORE INFORMATION 
3' - 3" 
OVERHANG, TYP 
1" 
ALIGN 
MITER CORNERS, TYP 
1/2" = 1'-0" A5.26 
9 ELEV_SALON STYLING STATION 
3' - 4" 
6' - 6" 
6" 
6" PENDANT LIGHT FIXTURE 
AS SCHEDULED 
CROWN MOULDING 
AS SCHEDULED 
OVERHANG 
1" 
BASE AS SCHEDULED 
CT -6 STONE END CAP WITH 
1" OVERHANG, TYP. 
FFE BY OTHERS 
5" 
1' - 0" 1' - 0" 1' - 0" 1' - 0" 1' - 0" 1' - 0" 
1" 
SIDE OF MIRROR FRAME, 
STAIN TO MATCH ADJACENT 
CABINET, 
(FORMICA, 9283 -NG) 
WALL FINISH AS SCHEDULED, 
P-11B 
1/2" = 1'-0" A5.26 
8 ELEV_SALON SCREEN 

===== PAGE 139 =====
F(b)-28
AL LIVING
OPEN TO BEYOND 
SEE ARCHITECTURAL DRAWINGS FOR SKYLIGHT INFORMATION
CHR -1 W/ 1" THICK WOOD CAP, 
PAINT GRADE, P -1B 
3' - 2" 
3' - 2" 
PILASTER, 
REFER TO 04/A5.31 
FOR MORE INFORMATION 
BASE AS SCHEDULED 
WALL FINISH 
AS SCHEDULED, P -17 
PILASTER, 
REFER TO 04/A5.31 
FOR MORE INFORMATION 
WALL FINISH AS SCHEDULED 
OPEN TO BEYOND 
OPEN TO BEYOND 
4
A5.34 
SIM. 
CROWN AS SCHEDULED 
1/2" = 1'-0" A5.27 
10 ELEV_AL LIVING WEST 
AL LIVING 
3006 

===== PAGE 140 =====
F(b)-29
AL LIVING
DESIGN INTENT TV: 65" 
PROVIDED BY OWNER, INSTALLED BY GC 
ART BY OTHERS, 
GC TO PROVIDE 
ADDITIONAL BLOCKING 
4' - 0" 
6" 
ART BY OTHERS, 
GC TO PROVIDE 
ADDITIONAL BLOCKING 
2' - 10" 
8" 
CROWN 
AS SCHEDULED 
SEE RCP FOR 
MORE INFORMATION 
LIGHT FIXTURE 
AS SCHEDULED 
BASE 
AS SCHEDULED 
WALL FINISH 
AS SCHEDULED 
CABINET 
AS SCHEDULED 
(3) CUSTOM DRAWERS, 
STAIN GRADE WOOD, 
S-3
SEE SECTION FOR DETAIL 
1-1/2" THICK STAIN GRADE 
SOLID WOOD FRAME, S -3 
PAINT GRADE 
4" WIDE PLANK SHIPLAP, 
INSTALLED DIAGONALLY, 
SEE DRAWING FOR DIRECTION, 
P-12A 
PAINT GRADE 1 -1/2" THICK 
SOLID WOOD FRAME, P -1B 
CUSTOM STAIN GRADE 
WOOD BOX MANTEL, S -3
4" 
4" 
W-15 
GAS FIREPLACE 
AS SCHEDULED 
PAINT GRADE 
4" WIDE X 3/4" THICK 
SOLID WOOD FLAT STOCK 
WITH INTERIOR CHAMFER EDGES, 
P-1B 
FILLER  AS REQ'D 
ACCENT WALLCOVERING 
AS SCHEDULED, WC -11 
EQ EQ 
8
A5.35 
9
A5.35 
TYP. 
1 1/2" 
TYP. 
1 1/2" 
7' - 6" 
3' - 0" 
EQ FILLER 
2' - 6" 
EQ FILLER 
1/2" = 1'-0" A5.27 
9 ELEV_AL LIVING MILLWORK 
A5.27 9
1' - 6" 
5" 
1' - 1" 
VIF 
3' - 0" 
5' - 6" 
VIF 
3' - 0" 
TV BY OWNER, 
INSTALLED BY GC 
STONE HEARTH 
AT FLOOR, F -35 
CUSTOM WOOD BOX MANTEL 
WITH 1" OVERHANG ON RIGHT 
AND LEFT, S -3 
ACCENT TILE, W -15 
GAS FIREPLACE AS SCHEDULED 
OUTSIDE OF MANTEL 
5' - 8" 
1" 
1/4" = 1'-0" A5.27 
8 ENLARGED PLAN - AL LIVING MILLWORK 
ELIMINATE MILLWORK AND FIREPLACE
ALTOGETHER, REPLACE WITH
SPECIALTY WALL DESIGN. TV TO
REMAIN.  $25 SQ FT MATERIAL COST
ADD TO VE LIST
IMC VM #80

===== PAGE 141 =====
F(b)-30
AL LOUNGE - 3ND FLOOR
DESIGN INTENT TV: 65" 
PROVIDED BY OWNER, INSTALLED BY GC 
PAINT GRADE 
1" WIDE X 1/2" THICK 
SOLID WOOD FLAT STOCK, P -1B 
STAIN GRADE CUSTOM WOOD MANTEL, 
S-1, SEE SECTION FOR DETAIL 
ACCENT TILE, 
W-17 
PAINT GRADE VENEER OVER 3/8" THICK 
PLYWOOD, P -1B 
GAS FIREPLACE 
AS SCHEDULED 
CROWN AS SCHEDULED 
(3) EQ 
WALL FINISH 
AS SCHEDULED, P -17 
2' - 10" 
3' - 0" 
EQ FILLER EQ FILLER 
3" 3" 
4' - 0" 
6' - 0" 
(6) EQ SPACING 
3" 
3" WIDE PAINT GRADE WOOD FRAME, 
P-12A 
2" 
2" THICK PLYWOOD FIXED SHELVES, 
PAINT GRADE, P -12A 
8" 
8" 2" THICK STAIN GRADE 
SOLID WOOD COUNTERTOP, S -1
CABINET AS SCHEDULED 
ACCENT 
WALLCOVERING 
WC -12 
ACCENT 
WALLCOVERING 
WC -12 
ACCENT 
WALLCOVERING 
WC -12 
6
A5.35 
7
A5.35 
RECESSED MILLWORK LIGHTS CENTERED 
ON EACH SHELF, SEE ELECTRICAL 
DRAWINGS FOR MORE INFO 
LIGHT FIXTURE AS SCHEDULED 
1/2" = 1'-0" A5.27 
2 ELEV_AL LOUNGE MILLWORK 
A5.27 2
1' - 6" 
6" 
6" 
VIF 
3' - 10" 
6' - 0" 
VIF 
3' - 10" 
TV BY OWNER, INSTALLED BY GC 
STONE HEARTH AT 
FLOOR, F -35 
GAS FIREPLACE AS SCHEDULED 
ACCENT TILE, W -17 
STAIN GRADE CUSTOM WOOD 
MANTEL, S -1
1' - 1" 
1/4" = 1'-0" A5.27 
1 ENLARGED PLAN - AL LOUNGE MILLWORK 
AL LOUNGE 
3008 
ELIMINATE MILLWORK AND FIREPLACE
REPLACE WITH LOWER CABINETS
ONLY AND FLOATING SHELF. TV TO
REMAIN.
CONSIDER MAKING
ONE OF THE AL
LOUNGES INTO A GAME
LOUNGE. REFERENCE
OVERTURE HAMLIN.
LOWER CABINETS TO
REMAIN -
SHELF
ADD TO VE LIST
IMC VM #81

===== PAGE 142 =====
1001 
1002 
1012 
1011 
1013 1015 
1017 
1014 
1016 
1200 
1ST02 
1010 
1100 
1003 
1005 
1006 
1007 
1008 
1009 
1019 
1021 
1022 
1023 
1027 1029 1031 
1033 
1400 
1026 1028 1030 
101 102 
103 
1EV01 1EV02 
1034 
125 124 123 122 
1035 
1ST03 
1020 
8' - 6" 
8' - 6" 
8' - 6" 
8' - 6" 
8' - 0" 
9' - 0" 
8' - 6" 
8' - 0" 
8' - 0" 
9' - 0" 
8' - 0" 
8' - 0" 
8' - 6" 
8' - 0" 
8' - 6" 
9' - 0" 
7' - 10" 
MATCHLINE 
/1 A6.01B 
HOOD 
8' - 0" 
8' - 0" 
9' - 0" 
8' - 6" 
9' - 4" 
9' - 0" 
8' - 0" 
8' - 0" 
9' - 0" 
8' - 6" 
9' - 4" 
9' - 4" 
9' - 0" 
9' - 4" 
9' - 0" 
8' - 6" 
9' - 0" 9' - 4" 9' - 0" 
9' - 0" 
8' - 6" 
8' - 6" 
9' - 0" 8' - 0" 
9' - 0" 
9' - 0" 
7' - 10" 
1300 
1500 
9' - 0" 
8' - 6" 
7' - 10" 
8' - 0" 
9' - 0" 
9' - 8" 
A6.04 
2
A6.04 
1
4
8' - 6" 
9' - 4" 
9' - 4" 
9' - 0" 
8' - 0" 
8' - 2" 
8' - 8" 
8' - 6" 
9
9
9
3
3
3
9' - 0" 
9' - 4" 
B3 
B9 
B7 
B6 
B21 
B6 
B4 
B5 
B5 
B5 
B8 
B8 
B8 
B10 B10 
B10 
B10 B6 B6 B10 B10 B10 B10 
B11 B11 B11 B11 
B12 
B12 
B12 
B12 B12 
B12 
B1 
C2 
C3 C3 
C4 
C4 
C4 
C6 
C6 
C6 
B6 
B6 
B23 
B23 
B10 B10 B10 B10 
B24 
A6 A6 
A6 A6 
A6 A6 A6 A6 
A6 
A6 
A6 A6 
A6 A6 A6 
A6 
A6 A6 
A6 A6 A6 
A6 A6 
A6 A6 
A6 
A5 
A5 A5 
A5 
A5 
A5 
A5 
A5 
A5 A5 
A5 
A5 
A5 
A5 
A5 
C1 C1 C1 
C1 C1 C1 C1 
A1 
A1 A1 
A1 A1 
A1 A1 A1 A1 A1 A1 A1 
A1 A1 
A1 
A1 
A1 A1 
A1 A1 
A1 A1 A1 A1 A1 A1 
B12 
A1 
A1 
A1 
A1 A1 
A1 
A1 
A1 A1 
A1 
A1 A1 
A1 
A1 A1 
A1 
A1 
A1 A1 
A1 A1 
A1 
A1 
A1 A1 
A1 
A1 A1 
A1 
A1 A1 
A1 
A1 A1 
A1 A1 
A1 
A1 
A1 
A1 
A1 
A1 
A1 A1 
A1 
A1 A1 
A1 
A1 A1 A1 
A1 
A1 A1 
A1 
A1 A1 
A1 A1 A1 
A1 
A1 
A1 
A1 
A1 
A1 
A1 
A1 A1 
A1 A1 
A1 A1 
A1 A1 
A1 
A1 A1 
A1 A1 
A1 A1 
A1 A1 
A1 A1 A1 A1 
A1 A1 A1 
A9 
A9 A9 
A9 
A9 
A9 
C10 
A8 
A8 
A8 
A8 
B24 
A8 
8' - 0" 
A8 A8 A8 
A9 
A9 
A9 
A9 
A8 
A1 
A18 
A18 
A18 
A18 
A18 
A18 
A18 A18 
3' - 0" 3' - 6" 3' - 6" 3' - 0" 
3' - 6" 
3' - 6" 
EQ EQ EQ 
A1 
9' - 4" 
A1 
A1 
A1 
A1 
A1 
B8 
B8 
B8 
B8 
B8 
9' - 4" 
B8 
B10 
A13 
P-5B 
5
C5 
C5 
C5 
C5 
C5 
A1 
P-19 P-19 P-19 
P-15A 
5
P-5B 
1025 
5
5
P-13B 
P-15A 
A6.04 
5
B23 
P-13B 
A5 
A5 
A5 
A5 
9' - 4" 
9' - 0" 
A1 A1 
1' - 0" 
1' - 0" 
1' - 0 1/8" 
1' - 0" 
1' - 0" 
1' - 0" 
2' - 0" 
2' - 0" 
2' - 0" 
TYP. 
2' - 0" 
2' - 0" 
TYP. 
2' - 0" 
9' - 0" 
8' - 6" 
EQ EQ 
EQ 
EQ 
ALIGN 
1' - 0" 
1' - 0" ALIGN ALIGN 
3' - 9" 3' - 9" 
ALIGN 
1' - 0" 
1' - 0" 
2' - 0" 2' - 0" 1' - 0" 
1' - 0" 
1' - 0" 1' - 0" 
EQ 
EQ 
1' - 6" 1' - 6" 
EQ EQ 1' - 0" 1' - 0" 
EQ EQ 
EQ 
EQ 
EQ 
EQ 4' - 0 3/8" 3' - 10 3/8" 
TYP. 
1' - 6" 
EQ 
EQ 
EQ EQ 
TYP. 
1' - 6" 
TYP. 
1' - 6" 
1' - 0" 
1' - 0" 1' - 0" 
ALIGN 
1' - 0" 
1' - 0" ALIGN ALIGN ALIGN ALIGN 
EQ 
EQ 
EQ 
EQ 
EQ EQ 
2' - 0" 
2' - 0" 
2' - 0" 
2' - 0" 
1' - 6" 1' - 6" 
1' - 6" 
EQ 
EQ 
EQ EQ 
3' - 6" 
3' - 6" 
2' - 0" 
EQ. 
EQ. 
EQ 
EQ 
8' - 0" 
3' - 10 1/4" 
EQ EQ 
5' - 2 1/2" 
5' - 2 5/8" 
EQ EQ EQ 3' - 2" 
1' - 10" EQ 
EQ EQ EQ EQ EQ 
EQ 
EQ 
6' - 6" 
EQ 
EQ 
EQ 
EQ EQ 
3' - 8 1/8" EQ EQ 
2' - 0" 
2' - 0" 
2' - 0" 
C2 2' - 0" 
4' - 6" 
A6.04 
3
EQ 
EQ 
EQ EQ 
EQ 
EQ 
EQ EQ 
TYP. 
8" 
TYP. 
8" 
3' - 11" 
3' - 11" 
EQ 
EQ 
EQ 
EQ 
EQ EQ EQ EQ EQ EQ 
1' - 6" 
EQ EQ 
EQ EQ 
1' - 5" 
1' - 6" 
EQ EQ 
EQ EQ 
1' - 6" 
5' - 0" 
5' - 0" 
EQ EQ 
EQ 
EQ 
EQ 
TYP. 
1' - 6" 
1' - 4" 
1' - 6" 1' - 6" 
EQ 
EQ 
EQ EQ 11' - 0" 
1' - 6" 
1' - 6" 
1' - 6" 
1' - 6" 
4' - 2" 
4' - 2" 
EQ EQ 
2' - 6" 
2' - 6" 
2' - 6" 2' - 6" 
3' - 0" 
3' - 0" 3' - 0" 
135° 
TYP. 135° 
EQ 
EQ 
EQ EQ 
1' - 0" 
EQ EQ 
8' - 0" 
EQ. EQ. EQ. 
8' - 0" 
A3.41 
9
P-7B P-7B P-7B 
P-7B 
P-7B P-7B 
P-7B P-7B 
P-7B 
EQ 
EQ 
EX1 8' - 0" 
EX3 EX3 EX3 EX3 
EX3 EX3 
EX2 EX2 
EX2 
EQ EQ 
EX3 
EX3 EX3 
9' - 0" 
8' - 0" 
P-19 
8
3' - 0" 
A1 
DECORATIVE WOOD BEAM, 
RULON ACCENT VENEER BEAM 
12" WIDE X 6" HIGH 
TYP. 
1' - 0" 
EDGE OF POP -UP 
8' - 10" 
A11 A11 A11 A11 
EQ. 
EQ. 
EQ. 
EQ. 
CEILING HEIGHT / SOFFIT HEIGHT INDICATION 
2' X 2' SUSPENDED CEILING SYSTEM (PUBLIC SPACES, 
INCLUDING ADMIN. OFFICES & DISCOVERY): 
TILE: ARMSTRONG 2X2 ULTIMA #1912 BEVELED TEGULAR 
EDGE; COLOR: WHITE 
GRID: ARMSTRONG SUPRAFINE 9/16" EXPOSED GRID, 
COLOR: WHITE 
SEE SPEC. BOOK FOR ADDT'L INFO. ON TYPE-1
2' X 2' SUSPENDED CEILING SYSTEM ('BACK OF HOUSE' E XCEPT 
FOR COMMERCIAL KITCHEN, COMMERCIAL LAUNDRY): 
TILE: ARMSTRONG FINE FISSURED #1729, SQUARE LAY-IN;  
COLOR: WHITE 
GRID:  ARMSTRONG PRELUDE XL 15/16" EXPOSED TEE 
COLOR: WHITE 
SEE SPEC. BOOK FOR ADDT'L INFO. ON TYPE-2
GWB CEILING OR SOFFIT LOCATION(S). REFER TO PLAN FO R 
INSTALLATION HEIGHTS 
0'-0" 
CEILING LEGEND 
2' X 4' SUSPENDED CEILING SYSTEM (COMMERCIAL 
KITCHEN, COMMERCIAL LAUNDRY): 
TILE: ARMSTRONG KITCHEN ZONE CEILING #672 , SQUARE 
LAY-IN; COLOR: WHITE 
GRID:  ARMSTRONG PRELUDE XL 15/16" EXPOSED TEE 
COLOR: WHITE 
SEE SPEC. BOOK FOR ADDT'L INFO. ON TYPE-3
PAINT GRADE INTERIOR BEADBOARD WITH CLASS A FIRE 
TREATED SURFACE FINISH; PROVIDE FIRE-TREATED PLYWOO D 
BEHIND BEADBOARD AS REQUIRED. LOCATION: MC LIVING 
2' X 2' SUSPENDED CEILING SYSTEM (UNITS, WHERE 
INDICATED ON ENLARGED UNIT RCPS): 
TILE: ARMSTRONG 2X2 MESA BEVELED TEGULAR EDGE; 
COLOR: WHITE 
GRID: ARMSTRONG SUPRAFINE 9/16" EXPOSED GRID, 
COLOR: WHITE 
SEE SPEC. BOOK FOR ADDT'L INFO. ON TYPE-4
CROWN MOULDING.  REFER TO DETAILS AND FINISH 
SCHEDULE FOR MORE INFORMATION. 
ACCENT CEILING FINISH; SEE FINISH SPECIFICATIONS FO R MORE 
INFORMATION 
X-X
AZEK BEADBOARD (EXTERIOR USE ONLY); 1/2" X 5-1/2" X  
18'; TRADITIONAL FINISH 
PAINT GRADE VENEER OVER 3/8" THK PLYWOOD, P-1B FINI SH, U.N.O. 
PANEL MOULDING APPLIED TO CEILING, SEE ENLARGED PLA NS 
FOR ADDITIONAL INFO 
INTERIOR PLANK CEILING. RULON LINEAR CLOSED SUSPEND ED 
WOOD CEILING. 
WOOD SPECIES: MAPLE COLOR: STAIN TO MATCH S-4. 
SIZE: 4" MODULE (3-3/4" PLANK WITH 1/4" REVEAL) 
WITH CLASS A FIRE TREATED SURFACE OPTION 
SEE SPEC. BOOK FOR ADDITIONAL INFO. 
LOCATION: ELEVATOR LOBBY 
2' X 2' SUSPENDED CEILING SYSTEM (SPORTS LOUNGE): 
TILE: ARMSTRONG 2X2 ULTIMA #1912 BEVELED TEGULAR 
EDGE; COLOR: BLACK 
GRID: ARMSTRONG SUPRAFINE 9/16" EXPOSED GRID, 
COLOR: BLACK 
SEE SPEC. BOOK FOR ADDT'L INFO. ON TYPE-1
STAIN GRADE VENEER OVER 3/8" THK PLYWOOD, S-4 FINIS H, U.N.O. 
DECORATIVE WOOD BEAM, RULON ACCENT VENEER BEAM, 
LOCATION: MC LIVING, MC DINING/ACTIVITY 
WOOD SPECIES: POPLAR 
COLOR: APRICOT, SIZE: SEE RCP FOR INFORMATION 
WITH CLASS A FIRE TREATED SURFACE OPTION 
SEE SPEC. BOOK FOR ADDITIONAL INFO. 
DECORATIVE WOOD BEAM, RULON ACCENT VENEER BEAM, 
LOCATION: BISTRO, AL LIVING 
WOOD SPECIES: POPLAR 
COLOR: STAIN TO MATCH S-4, SIZE: SEE RCP FOR INFORM ATION 
WITH CLASS A FIRE TREATED SURFACE OPTION 
SEE SPEC. BOOK FOR ADDITIONAL INFO. 
2' X 2' SUSPENDED DECORATIVE CEILING TILE (SPORTS L OUNGE): 
TILE: ABOVE VIEW, GROOVED QUARTER PYRAMID CEILING T ILE 
COLOR: WHITE SATIN LATEX PAINT 
GRID: SEE MFR. INSTALLATION GUIDE FOR DETAIL, 
(4) CEILING TILES CREATE 4'X4' PYRAMID PATTERN, CEN TER 
POINT. SEE RCP FOR MORE DETAIL 
1. TYPE B LIGHT AND EX3 - HEIGHT IS TAKEN FROM BOTTO M 
OF FIXTURE ABOVE FINISHED FLOOR, UNO. 
2. TYPE C LIGHT AND EX2 & EX4 - HEIGHT IS TAKEN FROM  
CENTER OF OVERALL HEIGHT OF LIGHT FIXTURE ABOVE 
FINISHED FLOOR, UNO. 
TYPE MOUNTING HEIGHT 
A1 
A2 
A3 
A4 
A5 
A6 
A7 
A8 
A9 
A10 
A11 
A12 
A13 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
UNDER MILLWORK AS NOTED 
8' -0" 
8' -0" 
UNDER MILLWORK AS NOTED 
LIGHTING FIXTURE MOUNTING SCHEDULE 
SEE DETAIL FOR LOCATIONS 
B16 
B17 
B18 
C1 
C2 
C3 
C4 
REFER TO A5.18 FOR MORE INFO 
SEE ELEVATION  8/A5.26 FOR MORE INFO 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
6' -0" 
7' -2" 
B19a,b 
C5 6' -8" 
C6 
6' -0" 
6' -2" 
6' -6" 
TYPE MOUNTING HEIGHT 
B20 
B1 7' -6" 
B3 
B4 
B5 
B6 
B7 
B8 
B9 
B10 
6'-8" FOR LOWEST PENDANT, SEE ELEVATION 
7' -2" 
7' -6" 
2'-8" ABOVE COUNTERTOP, SEE ELEVATION 
8' -1" 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
7' -6" 
TYPE MOUNTING HEIGHT 
B14 
B15 
7' -0" 
7' -6" 
B12 7' -4" 
B13 
B11 
B2a,b,c 
B21 
B22 
C9 
EX1 
EX2 
EX3 
TYPE MOUNTING HEIGHT 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
8' -0" 
TBD 
C7 
C8 
B2a- 17', B2b- 16' AND B2c- 15' FROM FIRST FLOOR 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
2'-4" ABOVE HALF WALL, SEE ELEVATION 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
B23 CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
B24 5' -0" 
COORDINATE WITH MILLWORK, SEE ELEVATION 4/A5.23 FOR  MORE INFO 
7' -6" 
C10 8' -0" 
C11 SEE ELEVATION 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
7' -0" 
PROJECT SPECIFIC REFLECTED CEILING PLAN NOTES: 
1. SEE SHEETS A5.01 THROUGH A5.12 FOR RESIDENT ROOM  TYPICAL CEILING PLANS. 
2. ALL GWB CEILINGS AND SOFFITS TO BE PAINTED CEILI NG WHITE UNLESS NOTED 
OTHERWISE. 
3. REFER TO A5.30 FOR MOULDING PROFILES. 
4. ELECTRICIAN IS TO REVIEW MILLWORK DRAWINGS FOR A NY LIGHTING FIXTURES 
LOCATED IN MILLWORK. 
5. CHANDELIER LIFT TO BE INSTALLED BY CONTRACTOR, I NSTALLED REMOTELY LOCATED 
MECHANIZED LIFT ABOVE FINISHED CEILINGS FOR CHANDEL IER, MODIFY ABOVE CEILING 
STRUCTURE AS REQUIRED.  ALADDIN LIGHT LIFT #ALL200R M-CM INSTALLED PER 
MANUFACTURERS INSTRUCTIONS.  SEE A6.02A FOR LOCATIO N. REP INFO: ZACHARY 
BARRY 256.429.9700 
6. BIDDING CONTRACTORS TO INCLUDE UNIT PRICING FOR ALL LIGHTING FIXTURE 
SPECIFICATIONS ON ELECTRICAL ENGINEER DWGS. 
7. IN LOCATIONS WHERE ACCENT MATERIAL IS CALLED OUT  IN A TRAY CEILING, ONLY THE 
HORIZONTAL SURFACE IS TO RECEIVE THAT MATERIAL AND SURROUNDING VERTICAL 
SURFACES ARE TO BE CEILING WHITE, U.N.O. 
8. IN LOCATIONS WHERE ACCENT MATERIAL IS CALLED OUT  ON A SOFFIT, ALL EXPOSED 
EDGES OF SOFFIT ARE TO BE ACCENT MATERIAL. 
REFLECTED CEILING PLAN KEYNOTES 
RECESS SOFFITS 2" FROM PERPENDICULAR WALL TO ALLOW FOR FINISH CHANGE 1
2
3
4
5
LOCATION OF CHANDELIER LIFT MOTOR, ONE PER LIGHT (B 2) 
COORDINATE HOOD WITH LOCATION OF COOKTOP & CEILING DESIGN; ANSUL 
SYSTEM NOT TO BE VISIBLE FROM DINING ROOM; LOCATION  TO BE COORDINATED 
WITH MEP & ARCHITECT 
CENTER LIGHT OVER SINK 
6
LIGHT FIXTURE TO BE CENTERED AT POP -UP 
PANEL MOULDING PATTERN TO BE CENTERED IN ROOM AS SHOWN 
7 ALL SIDES OF FASCIA TO BE PAINTED ACCENT COLOR AS S CHEDULED 
8 REFER TO ELEVATION FOR LOCATION AND QUANTITY OF LIG HTS; REFER TO 
ELECTRICAL DRAWINGS FOR SPEC INFO 
9 SMOKE CURTAIN CEILING TRACK 
10 
11 
FINISHED UNDERSIDE OF CASED OPENING TO BE 8' -0" 
12 
DRAPERY POCKET, PAINT GRADE SOLID WOOD BOARD AT EDG E OF CEILING 
TO FORM A DRAPERY POCKET. ATTACH CROWN MOULDING AT FRONT OF 
THE BOARD, SOLID WOOD BOARD MUST NOT EXCEED THE BOT TOM OF 
CROWN MOULDING. INSIDE OF DRAPERY POCKET AND WOOD BOARD TO BE 
PAINTED P -1. 
13 
LIGHT FIXTURE TO BE CENTERED BETWEEN EDGE OF CEILIN G AND CROWN 
MOULDING. 
14 
DECORATIVE WALL SCONCES ARE TO BE CENTERED ON PILAS TERS; REFER 
TO ELEVATIONS. 
15 
INSTALL LUTRON TRIATHLON ROLLER SHADES WITH ARCHITE CTURAL FASCIA, 
CONTINUOUS ACROSS ALL WINDOWS NOTED, INSIDE MOUNT.  SHADES TO BE 
HARDWIRED AND INSTALLED WITH POWER PANELS (NO VISIB LE WIRING). PICO 
WIRELESS CONTROL TO BE PROVIDED.  SHADE COLOR TO BE  APPROVED IN SUBMITTAL 
PROCESS. 
PROVIDE ELEVATOR SMOKE CONTAINMENT CURTAIN: M200 IN TERTEK BY SMOKE 
GUARD OR APPROVED EQUAL. 
16 FULL HEIGHT DECORATIVE PANEL, SEE FINISH SCHEDULE A ND ELEVATIONS FOR 
DETAIL. 
17 INSTALL LUTRON TRIATHLON ROLLER SHADES WITH ARCHITE CTURAL FASCIA, 
CONTINUOUS ACROSS ALL WINDOWS NOTES, INSIDE MOUNT. SHADES TO BE 
HARDWIRED AND INSTALLED WITH POWER PANELS (NO VISIB LE WIRING.) PICO 
WIRELESS CONTROL TO BE PROVIDED. SHADE COLOR TO BE APPROVED IN SUBMITTAL 
PROCESS. 
PM: 
DRAWING NO. PROJECT 
NORTH 
SCALE: 
JOB. NO.: 
MEYER DESIGN, INC.  ● MEYER ARCHITECTS, INC. 
227 EAST LANCASTER AVENUE  ●  ARDMORE, PA 19003-2304
  VOICE  ●  610.649.8500 FAX  ●  610.649.8509 
EMAIL  ●  info @ meyerdesigninc.com 
© 2021 MEYER DESIGN, INC MEYER ARCHITECTS, INC ALL RIGHTS RESERVED 
N.J. REG# 21AI01995400 
REGISTERED ARCHITECT 
DANIEL E. KING 
ISSUED FOR 
D.C.A 
03.11.2022 
D.C.A. NUMBER 
TBD 
CERTIFICATE OF NEED # 
CN ER 2021-08260-0701 
As indicated 
3/14/2022 10:34:29 AM 
CAPITOL SENIORS HOUSING
WEST ORANGE TOWNSHIP 
20085 
PAB 
1ST FLOOR - WEST 
WING - REFLECTED 
CEILING PLAN 
A6.01A
609 EAGLE ROCK AVE, 
WEST ORANGE, NJ 07052 
WEST ORANGE
1/8" = 1'-0" A6.01A 
1 1ST FLOOR - WEST WING - REFLECTED CEILING PLAN 
REV. 
NO. OPERATION DATE BY 
DESIGN DEVELOPMENT 12.03.21 JTC 
ISSUED TO DCA 03.11.22 JTC 
F(b)-31
03/15/2022
KEEP CROWN MOULDING: MEYER
SUGGESTS KEEPING CROWN IN THESE
LOCATIONS TO ACCOMPLISH ELEVATED
DESIGN INTENT
ELIMINATE CROWN MOULDING IF
NECESSARY FOR COST REDUCTION:
MEYER SUGGESTS ELIMINATING CROWN
IN THESE AREAS WITH SOME SACRIFICE
TO DESIGN AESTHETICS
ELIMINATE CROWN MOULDING: MEYER
SUGGESTS ELIMINATING CROWN IN
THESE AREAS WITH LITTLE SACRIFICE TO
DESIGN AESTHETICS
CROWN MOULDING VE
COLOR KEY
IMC TO PRICE EACH COLOR
SEPARATELY
NO CROWN MOULDING
IN ROOM, HIGHLIGHT
INCLUDES PANEL
MOULDING TO BE
REMOVED
IMC VM
#82,
Corridors

===== PAGE 143 =====
121 120 119 118 
117 
116 
115 
114 
1ST04 
113 
112 111 110 
109 
108 
107 
1037 
1039 
1040 
1042 
106 105 104 
1036 
8' - 0" 
9' - 0" 
9' - 0" 
8' - 6" 
8' - 0" 
8' - 0" 
9' - 0" 
8' - 0" 
9' - 0" 
MATCHLINE 
/1 A6.01A 
1600 
1700 
1041 
1043 1038 
8' - 0" 8' - 0" 8' - 0" 
8' - 0" 
3
B10 B10 B10 B10 
B10 
B10 
B10 B10 B10 
C4 
A6 
A6 A6 
A6 
A6 A6 
A6 
A6 A6 
C1 C1 
C1 C1 
C1 
C1 C1 C1 
C1 
C1 
C1 
C1 
C1 
C1 C1 C1 
C1 
A1 A1 A1 A1 A1 A1 
A1 
A1 
A1 
A1 
A1 A1 
A1 
A1 
A1 
A9 
A9 
A8 
A8 
A8 
A8 
C1 2' - 6" 
1' - 0" 
1' - 0" 
2' - 0" 2' - 0" 
1' - 0" 
1' - 0" 
1' - 0" 
1' - 0" 1' - 0" 
1' - 0" 
2' - 0" 
2' - 0" 
1' - 0" 
1' - 0" 1' - 0" 
1' - 0" 
1' - 0" 2' - 0" 2' - 0" 
1' - 0" 
EQ. EQ. EQ. 
EQ. 
EQ. 
EX3 
EX3 
8' - 0" 
A11 A11 
CEILING HEIGHT / SOFFIT HEIGHT INDICATION 
2' X 2' SUSPENDED CEILING SYSTEM (PUBLIC SPACES, 
INCLUDING ADMIN. OFFICES & DISCOVERY): 
TILE: ARMSTRONG 2X2 ULTIMA #1912 BEVELED TEGULAR 
EDGE; COLOR: WHITE 
GRID: ARMSTRONG SUPRAFINE 9/16" EXPOSED GRID, 
COLOR: WHITE 
SEE SPEC. BOOK FOR ADDT'L INFO. ON TYPE-1
2' X 2' SUSPENDED CEILING SYSTEM ('BACK OF HOUSE' E XCEPT 
FOR COMMERCIAL KITCHEN, COMMERCIAL LAUNDRY): 
TILE: ARMSTRONG FINE FISSURED #1729, SQUARE LAY-IN;  
COLOR: WHITE 
GRID:  ARMSTRONG PRELUDE XL 15/16" EXPOSED TEE 
COLOR: WHITE 
SEE SPEC. BOOK FOR ADDT'L INFO. ON TYPE-2
GWB CEILING OR SOFFIT LOCATION(S). REFER TO PLAN FO R 
INSTALLATION HEIGHTS 
0'-0" 
CEILING LEGEND 
2' X 4' SUSPENDED CEILING SYSTEM (COMMERCIAL 
KITCHEN, COMMERCIAL LAUNDRY): 
TILE: ARMSTRONG KITCHEN ZONE CEILING #672 , SQUARE 
LAY-IN; COLOR: WHITE 
GRID:  ARMSTRONG PRELUDE XL 15/16" EXPOSED TEE 
COLOR: WHITE 
SEE SPEC. BOOK FOR ADDT'L INFO. ON TYPE-3
PAINT GRADE INTERIOR BEADBOARD WITH CLASS A FIRE 
TREATED SURFACE FINISH; PROVIDE FIRE-TREATED PLYWOO D 
BEHIND BEADBOARD AS REQUIRED. LOCATION: MC LIVING 
2' X 2' SUSPENDED CEILING SYSTEM (UNITS, WHERE 
INDICATED ON ENLARGED UNIT RCPS): 
TILE: ARMSTRONG 2X2 MESA BEVELED TEGULAR EDGE; 
COLOR: WHITE 
GRID: ARMSTRONG SUPRAFINE 9/16" EXPOSED GRID, 
COLOR: WHITE 
SEE SPEC. BOOK FOR ADDT'L INFO. ON TYPE-4
CROWN MOULDING.  REFER TO DETAILS AND FINISH 
SCHEDULE FOR MORE INFORMATION. 
ACCENT CEILING FINISH; SEE FINISH SPECIFICATIONS FO R MORE 
INFORMATION 
X-X
AZEK BEADBOARD (EXTERIOR USE ONLY); 1/2" X 5-1/2" X  
18'; TRADITIONAL FINISH 
PAINT GRADE VENEER OVER 3/8" THK PLYWOOD, P-1B FINI SH, U.N.O. 
PANEL MOULDING APPLIED TO CEILING, SEE ENLARGED PLA NS 
FOR ADDITIONAL INFO 
INTERIOR PLANK CEILING. RULON LINEAR CLOSED SUSPEND ED 
WOOD CEILING. 
WOOD SPECIES: MAPLE COLOR: STAIN TO MATCH S-4. 
SIZE: 4" MODULE (3-3/4" PLANK WITH 1/4" REVEAL) 
WITH CLASS A FIRE TREATED SURFACE OPTION 
SEE SPEC. BOOK FOR ADDITIONAL INFO. 
LOCATION: ELEVATOR LOBBY 
2' X 2' SUSPENDED CEILING SYSTEM (SPORTS LOUNGE): 
TILE: ARMSTRONG 2X2 ULTIMA #1912 BEVELED TEGULAR 
EDGE; COLOR: BLACK 
GRID: ARMSTRONG SUPRAFINE 9/16" EXPOSED GRID, 
COLOR: BLACK 
SEE SPEC. BOOK FOR ADDT'L INFO. ON TYPE-1
STAIN GRADE VENEER OVER 3/8" THK PLYWOOD, S-4 FINIS H, U.N.O. 
DECORATIVE WOOD BEAM, RULON ACCENT VENEER BEAM, 
LOCATION: MC LIVING, MC DINING/ACTIVITY 
WOOD SPECIES: POPLAR 
COLOR: APRICOT, SIZE: SEE RCP FOR INFORMATION 
WITH CLASS A FIRE TREATED SURFACE OPTION 
SEE SPEC. BOOK FOR ADDITIONAL INFO. 
DECORATIVE WOOD BEAM, RULON ACCENT VENEER BEAM, 
LOCATION: BISTRO, AL LIVING 
WOOD SPECIES: POPLAR 
COLOR: STAIN TO MATCH S-4, SIZE: SEE RCP FOR INFORM ATION 
WITH CLASS A FIRE TREATED SURFACE OPTION 
SEE SPEC. BOOK FOR ADDITIONAL INFO. 
2' X 2' SUSPENDED DECORATIVE CEILING TILE (SPORTS L OUNGE): 
TILE: ABOVE VIEW, GROOVED QUARTER PYRAMID CEILING T ILE 
COLOR: WHITE SATIN LATEX PAINT 
GRID: SEE MFR. INSTALLATION GUIDE FOR DETAIL, 
(4) CEILING TILES CREATE 4'X4' PYRAMID PATTERN, CEN TER 
POINT. SEE RCP FOR MORE DETAIL 
1. TYPE B LIGHT AND EX3 - HEIGHT IS TAKEN FROM BOTTO M 
OF FIXTURE ABOVE FINISHED FLOOR, UNO. 
2. TYPE C LIGHT AND EX2 & EX4 - HEIGHT IS TAKEN FROM  
CENTER OF OVERALL HEIGHT OF LIGHT FIXTURE ABOVE 
FINISHED FLOOR, UNO. 
TYPE MOUNTING HEIGHT 
A1 
A2 
A3 
A4 
A5 
A6 
A7 
A8 
A9 
A10 
A11 
A12 
A13 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
UNDER MILLWORK AS NOTED 
8' -0" 
8' -0" 
UNDER MILLWORK AS NOTED 
LIGHTING FIXTURE MOUNTING SCHEDULE 
SEE DETAIL FOR LOCATIONS 
B16 
B17 
B18 
C1 
C2 
C3 
C4 
REFER TO A5.18 FOR MORE INFO 
SEE ELEVATION  8/A5.26 FOR MORE INFO 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
6' -0" 
7' -2" 
B19a,b 
C5 6' -8" 
C6 
6' -0" 
6' -2" 
6' -6" 
TYPE MOUNTING HEIGHT 
B20 
B1 7' -6" 
B3 
B4 
B5 
B6 
B7 
B8 
B9 
B10 
6'-8" FOR LOWEST PENDANT, SEE ELEVATION 
7' -2" 
7' -6" 
2'-8" ABOVE COUNTERTOP, SEE ELEVATION 
8' -1" 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
7' -6" 
TYPE MOUNTING HEIGHT 
B14 
B15 
7' -0" 
7' -6" 
B12 7' -4" 
B13 
B11 
B2a,b,c 
B21 
B22 
C9 
EX1 
EX2 
EX3 
TYPE MOUNTING HEIGHT 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
8' -0" 
TBD 
C7 
C8 
B2a- 17', B2b- 16' AND B2c- 15' FROM FIRST FLOOR 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
2'-4" ABOVE HALF WALL, SEE ELEVATION 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
B23 CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
B24 5' -0" 
COORDINATE WITH MILLWORK, SEE ELEVATION 4/A5.23 FOR  MORE INFO 
7' -6" 
C10 8' -0" 
C11 SEE ELEVATION 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
7' -0" 
REFLECTED CEILING PLAN KEYNOTES 
RECESS SOFFITS 2" FROM PERPENDICULAR WALL TO ALLOW FOR FINISH CHANGE 1
2
3
4
5
LOCATION OF CHANDELIER LIFT MOTOR, ONE PER LIGHT (B 2) 
COORDINATE HOOD WITH LOCATION OF COOKTOP & CEILING DESIGN; ANSUL 
SYSTEM NOT TO BE VISIBLE FROM DINING ROOM; LOCATION  TO BE COORDINATED 
WITH MEP & ARCHITECT 
CENTER LIGHT OVER SINK 
6
LIGHT FIXTURE TO BE CENTERED AT POP -UP 
PANEL MOULDING PATTERN TO BE CENTERED IN ROOM AS SHOWN 
7 ALL SIDES OF FASCIA TO BE PAINTED ACCENT COLOR AS S CHEDULED 
8 REFER TO ELEVATION FOR LOCATION AND QUANTITY OF LIG HTS; REFER TO 
ELECTRICAL DRAWINGS FOR SPEC INFO 
9 SMOKE CURTAIN CEILING TRACK 
10 
11 
FINISHED UNDERSIDE OF CASED OPENING TO BE 8' -0" 
12 
DRAPERY POCKET, PAINT GRADE SOLID WOOD BOARD AT EDG E OF CEILING 
TO FORM A DRAPERY POCKET. ATTACH CROWN MOULDING AT FRONT OF 
THE BOARD, SOLID WOOD BOARD MUST NOT EXCEED THE BOT TOM OF 
CROWN MOULDING. INSIDE OF DRAPERY POCKET AND WOOD BOARD TO BE 
PAINTED P -1. 
13 
LIGHT FIXTURE TO BE CENTERED BETWEEN EDGE OF CEILIN G AND CROWN 
MOULDING. 
14 
DECORATIVE WALL SCONCES ARE TO BE CENTERED ON PILAS TERS; REFER 
TO ELEVATIONS. 
15 
INSTALL LUTRON TRIATHLON ROLLER SHADES WITH ARCHITE CTURAL FASCIA, 
CONTINUOUS ACROSS ALL WINDOWS NOTED, INSIDE MOUNT.  SHADES TO BE 
HARDWIRED AND INSTALLED WITH POWER PANELS (NO VISIB LE WIRING). PICO 
WIRELESS CONTROL TO BE PROVIDED.  SHADE COLOR TO BE  APPROVED IN SUBMITTAL 
PROCESS. 
PROVIDE ELEVATOR SMOKE CONTAINMENT CURTAIN: M200 IN TERTEK BY SMOKE 
GUARD OR APPROVED EQUAL. 
16 FULL HEIGHT DECORATIVE PANEL, SEE FINISH SCHEDULE A ND ELEVATIONS FOR 
DETAIL. 
17 INSTALL LUTRON TRIATHLON ROLLER SHADES WITH ARCHITE CTURAL FASCIA, 
CONTINUOUS ACROSS ALL WINDOWS NOTES, INSIDE MOUNT. SHADES TO BE 
HARDWIRED AND INSTALLED WITH POWER PANELS (NO VISIB LE WIRING.) PICO 
WIRELESS CONTROL TO BE PROVIDED. SHADE COLOR TO BE APPROVED IN SUBMITTAL 
PROCESS. 
PROJECT SPECIFIC REFLECTED CEILING PLAN NOTES: 
1. SEE SHEETS A5.01 THROUGH A5.12 FOR RESIDENT ROOM  TYPICAL CEILING PLANS. 
2. ALL GWB CEILINGS AND SOFFITS TO BE PAINTED CEILI NG WHITE UNLESS NOTED 
OTHERWISE. 
3. REFER TO A5.30 FOR MOULDING PROFILES. 
4. ELECTRICIAN IS TO REVIEW MILLWORK DRAWINGS FOR A NY LIGHTING FIXTURES 
LOCATED IN MILLWORK. 
5. CHANDELIER LIFT TO BE INSTALLED BY CONTRACTOR, I NSTALLED REMOTELY LOCATED 
MECHANIZED LIFT ABOVE FINISHED CEILINGS FOR CHANDEL IER, MODIFY ABOVE CEILING 
STRUCTURE AS REQUIRED.  ALADDIN LIGHT LIFT #ALL200R M-CM INSTALLED PER 
MANUFACTURERS INSTRUCTIONS.  SEE A6.02A FOR LOCATIO N. REP INFO: ZACHARY 
BARRY 256.429.9700 
6. BIDDING CONTRACTORS TO INCLUDE UNIT PRICING FOR ALL LIGHTING FIXTURE 
SPECIFICATIONS ON ELECTRICAL ENGINEER DWGS. 
7. IN LOCATIONS WHERE ACCENT MATERIAL IS CALLED OUT  IN A TRAY CEILING, ONLY THE 
HORIZONTAL SURFACE IS TO RECEIVE THAT MATERIAL AND SURROUNDING VERTICAL 
SURFACES ARE TO BE CEILING WHITE, U.N.O. 
8. IN LOCATIONS WHERE ACCENT MATERIAL IS CALLED OUT  ON A SOFFIT, ALL EXPOSED 
EDGES OF SOFFIT ARE TO BE ACCENT MATERIAL. 
PM: 
DRAWING NO. PROJECT 
NORTH 
SCALE: 
JOB. NO.: 
MEYER DESIGN, INC.  ● MEYER ARCHITECTS, INC. 
227 EAST LANCASTER AVENUE  ●  ARDMORE, PA 19003-2304
  VOICE  ●  610.649.8500 FAX  ●  610.649.8509 
EMAIL  ●  info @ meyerdesigninc.com 
© 2021 MEYER DESIGN, INC MEYER ARCHITECTS, INC ALL RIGHTS RESERVED 
N.J. REG# 21AI01995400 
REGISTERED ARCHITECT 
DANIEL E. KING 
ISSUED FOR 
D.C.A 
03.11.2022 
D.C.A. NUMBER 
TBD 
CERTIFICATE OF NEED # 
CN ER 2021-08260-0701 
As indicated 
3/14/2022 10:34:32 AM 
CAPITOL SENIORS HOUSING
WEST ORANGE TOWNSHIP 
20085 
PAB 
1ST FLOOR - EAST 
WING - REFLECTED 
CEILING PLAN 
A6.01B
609 EAGLE ROCK AVE, 
WEST ORANGE, NJ 07052 
WEST ORANGE
1/8" = 1'-0" A6.01B 
1 1ST FLOOR - EAST WING - REFLECTED CEILING PLAN 
REV. 
NO. OPERATION DATE BY 
DESIGN DEVELOPMENT 12.03.21 JTC 
ISSUED TO DCA 03.11.22 JTC 
F(b)-32
03/15/2022
KEEP CROWN MOULDING: MEYER
SUGGESTS KEEPING CROWN MOULDING
IN THESE LOCATIONS TO ACCOMPLISH
ELEVATED DESIGN INTENT
ELIMINATE CROWN MOULDING IF
NECESSARY FOR COST REDUCTION:
MEYER SUGGESTS ELIMINATING CROWN
IN THESE AREAS WITH SOME SACRIFICE
TO DESIGN AESTHETICS
ELIMINATE CROWN MOULDING: MEYER
SUGGESTS ELIMINATING CROWN IN
THESE AREAS WITH LITTLE SACRIFICE TO
DESIGN AESTHETICS
CROWN MOULDING VE
COLOR KEY
IMC VM
#82,
Corridors

===== PAGE 144 =====
2002 
2ST02 
201 
202 
2100 
2001 
203 
204 
205 
206 
2ST03 
207 
2014 
222 223 
2013 
2012 
2009 
1EV02 1EV01 
2011 
224 
225 
226 
227 
8' - 6" 
7' - 8" 
9' - 0" 
8' - 6" 
8' - 6" 
7' - 10" 
8' - 6" 
7' - 8" 
7' - 10" 
MATCHLINE 
/1 A6.02B 
9' - 0" 
8' - 6" 
8' - 0" 
8' - 6" 
8' - 6" 
2200 
2300 
2400 
2010 
2500 
9' - 0" 
8' - 0" 
8' - 0" 
8' - 0" 
8' - 6" 
39
14 
14 
14 
17 
17 
9' - 0" 
5
9' - 0" 
8' - 6" 
2004 
2005 
2006 2007 
2008 
9' - 0" 
8' - 8" 
8' - 8" 
8' - 8" 
7' - 8" 7' - 8" 7' - 8" 
9' - 0" 
8' - 6" 
8' - 6" 
8' - 0" 
9
8' - 6" 
A2 
8' - 0" 
16 
B6 
A6.04 
6
B14 
B14 
B14 
B14 
B14 
B15 B15 
B15 B15 
B16 B16 B16 
B16 B16 B16 
B2a 
B10 B10 B10 B10 
B10 
B10 B10 B10 B10 B10 B10 B10 
B10 
B10 
B10 
B10 B10 B10 
C7 C7 
C8 
C8 
8' - 0" 
C4 
A6 
A6 A6 
A6 A6 
A6 
A6 A6 
A6 A6 
A6 A6 
A6 
A6 A6 
A6 
A6 A6 A6 
A6 A6 
A6 A6 
A6 A6 
A6 
A6 A6 
C1 C1 
C1 C1 
C1 C1 C1 7' - 8" 
C1 
C1 C1 
C1 
C1 
C1 
A1 A1 
A1 A1 A1 A1 A1 A1 A1 
A1 A1 
A1 
A1 
A1 
A1 
A1 
A1 
A1 
A1 A1 A1 
A2 
A2 
A2 
A2 
A1 
A1 
A1 
A1 
A1 A1 A1 
A1 A1 A1 A1 A1 
A1 A1 
A1 
A1 
A1 
A8 
A8 
A8 
A8 
A8 A8 A8 A8 A8 
A8 A8 A8 A8 
A9 
A9 
A9 A9 
A9 
A9 
A9 
A9 
A9 
A8 
A8 
8' - 8" 
A9 
B13 
B13 
B13 
B13 
B13 
B13 
B13 B13 
B13 
B13 
A1 
A1 
A1 
A8 
9' - 4" 
11 
11 
P-10 
10" 
B2b 
B2c 
P-13B 
A13 LED COVE LIGHT 
AT PERIMETER OF 
CEILING, SEE 
SECTIONS FOR DETAIL 
8
TYP. 
P-5B 
2
A1 
A1 A1 
A1 13 
13 A1 
8
8
B21 
A1 
A1 A1 
A1 
5
TYP. 
1' - 6" 
TYP. 
1' - 6" 
2' - 0" 
2' - 0" 
2' - 0" 
2' - 0" 
6' - 0" 
EQ 
EQ 
EQ EQ 
1' - 0" 
1' - 0" 
1' - 0" 
2' - 0" 1' - 0" 
1' - 0" 
8' - 0" 
1' - 0" 1' - 0" 
1' - 0" 
1' - 0" ALIGN 2' - 0" 2' - 0" 1' - 0" 
EQ EQ 
EQ 
EQ 
1' - 0" 1' - 0" 
1' - 0" 
EQ. EQ. 
1' - 0" 
EQ. 
EQ. TYP. 
1' - 6" 
TYP. 
1' - 6" 
1' - 0" 
1' - 0" 
1' - 0" 
1' - 0" 
1' - 0" 1' - 0" 
1' - 0" 
1' - 0" 
1' - 0" 1' - 0" 
1' - 0" 
EQ 
EQ 3' - 0" 3' - 0" 
EQ EQ 
EQ EQ 
1' - 0" 
1' - 0" 
1' - 0" 
2' - 0" 
EQ 
EQ 3' - 6" 
3' - 6" 3' - 6" 
EQ EQ 
EQ 
EQ 
EQ EQ 
EQ 
EQ 3' - 6" 3' - 6" 
3' - 6" 
3' - 6" 
EQ EQ 
EQ 
EQ 
EQ 
EQ 
EQ EQ 
EQ 
EQ 
EQ EQ 
EQ EQ 
EQ 
EQ 
2' - 0" 
2' - 0" 
2' - 0" 2' - 0" 
3' - 0" 
3' - 0" 
EQ EQ 
A6.04 
4
1' - 6" 
1' - 6" 
1' - 6" 
1' - 6" 
1' - 0" 
2' - 6" 
1' - 6" 
EQ EQ 
8' - 2" 9' - 0" 
EQ EQ 
EQ 
EQ 
9' - 2" 
EQ EQ EQ 
EQ 
A1 
A9 
8' - 6" 
7' - 8" 
7' - 8" 
8' - 0" 
8' - 6" 
8' - 0" 
EQ EQ 
A1 
EQ. EQ. 
EQ. EQ. EQ. 
A1 B10 A1 A1 
27' - 0" 
EQ 
EQ 
EQ EQ 
7' - 8" 
A1 
A13_ 
A13_ 
A13_ 
A13_ 
LOC OF 
SMOKE EVAC 
EXH ABV CLG 
SMOKE EVAC 
CLG VENTS (4) 
REF HVAC 
2003 
A12 
A11 A11 A11 
CEILING HEIGHT / SOFFIT HEIGHT INDICATION 
2' X 2' SUSPENDED CEILING SYSTEM (PUBLIC SPACES, 
INCLUDING ADMIN. OFFICES & DISCOVERY): 
TILE: ARMSTRONG 2X2 ULTIMA #1912 BEVELED TEGULAR 
EDGE; COLOR: WHITE 
GRID: ARMSTRONG SUPRAFINE 9/16" EXPOSED GRID, 
COLOR: WHITE 
SEE SPEC. BOOK FOR ADDT'L INFO. ON TYPE-1
2' X 2' SUSPENDED CEILING SYSTEM ('BACK OF HOUSE' E XCEPT 
FOR COMMERCIAL KITCHEN, COMMERCIAL LAUNDRY): 
TILE: ARMSTRONG FINE FISSURED #1729, SQUARE LAY-IN;  
COLOR: WHITE 
GRID:  ARMSTRONG PRELUDE XL 15/16" EXPOSED TEE 
COLOR: WHITE 
SEE SPEC. BOOK FOR ADDT'L INFO. ON TYPE-2
GWB CEILING OR SOFFIT LOCATION(S). REFER TO PLAN FO R 
INSTALLATION HEIGHTS 
0'-0" 
CEILING LEGEND 
2' X 4' SUSPENDED CEILING SYSTEM (COMMERCIAL 
KITCHEN, COMMERCIAL LAUNDRY): 
TILE: ARMSTRONG KITCHEN ZONE CEILING #672 , SQUARE 
LAY-IN; COLOR: WHITE 
GRID:  ARMSTRONG PRELUDE XL 15/16" EXPOSED TEE 
COLOR: WHITE 
SEE SPEC. BOOK FOR ADDT'L INFO. ON TYPE-3
PAINT GRADE INTERIOR BEADBOARD WITH CLASS A FIRE 
TREATED SURFACE FINISH; PROVIDE FIRE-TREATED PLYWOO D 
BEHIND BEADBOARD AS REQUIRED. LOCATION: MC LIVING 
2' X 2' SUSPENDED CEILING SYSTEM (UNITS, WHERE 
INDICATED ON ENLARGED UNIT RCPS): 
TILE: ARMSTRONG 2X2 MESA BEVELED TEGULAR EDGE; 
COLOR: WHITE 
GRID: ARMSTRONG SUPRAFINE 9/16" EXPOSED GRID, 
COLOR: WHITE 
SEE SPEC. BOOK FOR ADDT'L INFO. ON TYPE-4
CROWN MOULDING.  REFER TO DETAILS AND FINISH 
SCHEDULE FOR MORE INFORMATION. 
ACCENT CEILING FINISH; SEE FINISH SPECIFICATIONS FO R MORE 
INFORMATION 
X-X
AZEK BEADBOARD (EXTERIOR USE ONLY); 1/2" X 5-1/2" X  
18'; TRADITIONAL FINISH 
PAINT GRADE VENEER OVER 3/8" THK PLYWOOD, P-1B FINI SH, U.N.O. 
PANEL MOULDING APPLIED TO CEILING, SEE ENLARGED PLA NS 
FOR ADDITIONAL INFO 
INTERIOR PLANK CEILING. RULON LINEAR CLOSED SUSPEND ED 
WOOD CEILING. 
WOOD SPECIES: MAPLE COLOR: STAIN TO MATCH S-4. 
SIZE: 4" MODULE (3-3/4" PLANK WITH 1/4" REVEAL) 
WITH CLASS A FIRE TREATED SURFACE OPTION 
SEE SPEC. BOOK FOR ADDITIONAL INFO. 
LOCATION: ELEVATOR LOBBY 
2' X 2' SUSPENDED CEILING SYSTEM (SPORTS LOUNGE): 
TILE: ARMSTRONG 2X2 ULTIMA #1912 BEVELED TEGULAR 
EDGE; COLOR: BLACK 
GRID: ARMSTRONG SUPRAFINE 9/16" EXPOSED GRID, 
COLOR: BLACK 
SEE SPEC. BOOK FOR ADDT'L INFO. ON TYPE-1
STAIN GRADE VENEER OVER 3/8" THK PLYWOOD, S-4 FINIS H, U.N.O. 
DECORATIVE WOOD BEAM, RULON ACCENT VENEER BEAM, 
LOCATION: MC LIVING, MC DINING/ACTIVITY 
WOOD SPECIES: POPLAR 
COLOR: APRICOT, SIZE: SEE RCP FOR INFORMATION 
WITH CLASS A FIRE TREATED SURFACE OPTION 
SEE SPEC. BOOK FOR ADDITIONAL INFO. 
DECORATIVE WOOD BEAM, RULON ACCENT VENEER BEAM, 
LOCATION: BISTRO, AL LIVING 
WOOD SPECIES: POPLAR 
COLOR: STAIN TO MATCH S-4, SIZE: SEE RCP FOR INFORM ATION 
WITH CLASS A FIRE TREATED SURFACE OPTION 
SEE SPEC. BOOK FOR ADDITIONAL INFO. 
2' X 2' SUSPENDED DECORATIVE CEILING TILE (SPORTS L OUNGE): 
TILE: ABOVE VIEW, GROOVED QUARTER PYRAMID CEILING T ILE 
COLOR: WHITE SATIN LATEX PAINT 
GRID: SEE MFR. INSTALLATION GUIDE FOR DETAIL, 
(4) CEILING TILES CREATE 4'X4' PYRAMID PATTERN, CEN TER 
POINT. SEE RCP FOR MORE DETAIL 
1. TYPE B LIGHT AND EX3 - HEIGHT IS TAKEN FROM BOTTO M 
OF FIXTURE ABOVE FINISHED FLOOR, UNO. 
2. TYPE C LIGHT AND EX2 & EX4 - HEIGHT IS TAKEN FROM  
CENTER OF OVERALL HEIGHT OF LIGHT FIXTURE ABOVE 
FINISHED FLOOR, UNO. 
TYPE MOUNTING HEIGHT 
A1 
A2 
A3 
A4 
A5 
A6 
A7 
A8 
A9 
A10 
A11 
A12 
A13 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
UNDER MILLWORK AS NOTED 
8' -0" 
8' -0" 
UNDER MILLWORK AS NOTED 
LIGHTING FIXTURE MOUNTING SCHEDULE 
SEE DETAIL FOR LOCATIONS 
B16 
B17 
B18 
C1 
C2 
C3 
C4 
REFER TO A5.18 FOR MORE INFO 
SEE ELEVATION  8/A5.26 FOR MORE INFO 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
6' -0" 
7' -2" 
B19a,b 
C5 6' -8" 
C6 
6' -0" 
6' -2" 
6' -6" 
TYPE MOUNTING HEIGHT 
B20 
B1 7' -6" 
B3 
B4 
B5 
B6 
B7 
B8 
B9 
B10 
6'-8" FOR LOWEST PENDANT, SEE ELEVATION 
7' -2" 
7' -6" 
2'-8" ABOVE COUNTERTOP, SEE ELEVATION 
8' -1" 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
7' -6" 
TYPE MOUNTING HEIGHT 
B14 
B15 
7' -0" 
7' -6" 
B12 7' -4" 
B13 
B11 
B2a,b,c 
B21 
B22 
C9 
EX1 
EX2 
EX3 
TYPE MOUNTING HEIGHT 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
8' -0" 
TBD 
C7 
C8 
B2a- 17', B2b- 16' AND B2c- 15' FROM FIRST FLOOR 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
2'-4" ABOVE HALF WALL, SEE ELEVATION 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
B23 CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
B24 5' -0" 
COORDINATE WITH MILLWORK, SEE ELEVATION 4/A5.23 FOR  MORE INFO 
7' -6" 
C10 8' -0" 
C11 SEE ELEVATION 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
7' -0" 
REFLECTED CEILING PLAN KEYNOTES 
RECESS SOFFITS 2" FROM PERPENDICULAR WALL TO ALLOW FOR FINISH CHANGE 1
2
3
4
5
LOCATION OF CHANDELIER LIFT MOTOR, ONE PER LIGHT (B 2) 
COORDINATE HOOD WITH LOCATION OF COOKTOP & CEILING DESIGN; ANSUL 
SYSTEM NOT TO BE VISIBLE FROM DINING ROOM; LOCATION  TO BE COORDINATED 
WITH MEP & ARCHITECT 
CENTER LIGHT OVER SINK 
6
LIGHT FIXTURE TO BE CENTERED AT POP -UP 
PANEL MOULDING PATTERN TO BE CENTERED IN ROOM AS SHOWN 
7 ALL SIDES OF FASCIA TO BE PAINTED ACCENT COLOR AS S CHEDULED 
8 REFER TO ELEVATION FOR LOCATION AND QUANTITY OF LIG HTS; REFER TO 
ELECTRICAL DRAWINGS FOR SPEC INFO 
9 SMOKE CURTAIN CEILING TRACK 
10 
11 
FINISHED UNDERSIDE OF CASED OPENING TO BE 8' -0" 
12 
DRAPERY POCKET, PAINT GRADE SOLID WOOD BOARD AT EDGE OF CEILING 
TO FORM A DRAPERY POCKET. ATTACH CROWN MOULDING AT FRONT OF 
THE BOARD, SOLID WOOD BOARD MUST NOT EXCEED THE BOTTOM OF 
CROWN MOULDING. INSIDE OF DRAPERY POCKET AND WOOD BOARD TO BE 
PAINTED P -1. 
13 
LIGHT FIXTURE TO BE CENTERED BETWEEN EDGE OF CEILIN G AND CROWN 
MOULDING. 
14 
DECORATIVE WALL SCONCES ARE TO BE CENTERED ON PILAS TERS; REFER 
TO ELEVATIONS. 
15 
INSTALL LUTRON TRIATHLON ROLLER SHADES WITH ARCHITE CTURAL FASCIA, 
CONTINUOUS ACROSS ALL WINDOWS NOTED, INSIDE MOUNT.  SHADES TO BE 
HARDWIRED AND INSTALLED WITH POWER PANELS (NO VISIB LE WIRING). PICO 
WIRELESS CONTROL TO BE PROVIDED.  SHADE COLOR TO BE  APPROVED IN SUBMITTAL 
PROCESS. 
PROVIDE ELEVATOR SMOKE CONTAINMENT CURTAIN: M200 IN TERTEK BY SMOKE 
GUARD OR APPROVED EQUAL. 
16 FULL HEIGHT DECORATIVE PANEL, SEE FINISH SCHEDULE A ND ELEVATIONS FOR 
DETAIL. 
17 INSTALL LUTRON TRIATHLON ROLLER SHADES WITH ARCHITE CTURAL FASCIA, 
CONTINUOUS ACROSS ALL WINDOWS NOTES, INSIDE MOUNT. SHADES TO BE 
HARDWIRED AND INSTALLED WITH POWER PANELS (NO VISIB LE WIRING.) PICO 
WIRELESS CONTROL TO BE PROVIDED. SHADE COLOR TO BE APPROVED IN SUBMITTAL 
PROCESS. 
PROJECT SPECIFIC REFLECTED CEILING PLAN NOTES: 
1. SEE SHEETS A5.01 THROUGH A5.12 FOR RESIDENT ROOM  TYPICAL CEILING PLANS. 
2. ALL GWB CEILINGS AND SOFFITS TO BE PAINTED CEILI NG WHITE UNLESS NOTED 
OTHERWISE. 
3. REFER TO A5.30 FOR MOULDING PROFILES. 
4. ELECTRICIAN IS TO REVIEW MILLWORK DRAWINGS FOR A NY LIGHTING FIXTURES 
LOCATED IN MILLWORK. 
5. CHANDELIER LIFT TO BE INSTALLED BY CONTRACTOR, I NSTALLED REMOTELY LOCATED 
MECHANIZED LIFT ABOVE FINISHED CEILINGS FOR CHANDEL IER, MODIFY ABOVE CEILING 
STRUCTURE AS REQUIRED.  ALADDIN LIGHT LIFT #ALL200R M-CM INSTALLED PER 
MANUFACTURERS INSTRUCTIONS.  SEE A6.02A FOR LOCATIO N. REP INFO: ZACHARY 
BARRY 256.429.9700 
6. BIDDING CONTRACTORS TO INCLUDE UNIT PRICING FOR ALL LIGHTING FIXTURE 
SPECIFICATIONS ON ELECTRICAL ENGINEER DWGS. 
7. IN LOCATIONS WHERE ACCENT MATERIAL IS CALLED OUT  IN A TRAY CEILING, ONLY THE 
HORIZONTAL SURFACE IS TO RECEIVE THAT MATERIAL AND SURROUNDING VERTICAL 
SURFACES ARE TO BE CEILING WHITE, U.N.O. 
8. IN LOCATIONS WHERE ACCENT MATERIAL IS CALLED OUT  ON A SOFFIT, ALL EXPOSED 
EDGES OF SOFFIT ARE TO BE ACCENT MATERIAL. 
PM: 
DRAWING NO. PROJECT 
NORTH 
SCALE: 
JOB. NO.: 
MEYER DESIGN, INC.  ● MEYER ARCHITECTS, INC. 
227 EAST LANCASTER AVENUE  ●  ARDMORE, PA 19003-2304
  VOICE  ●  610.649.8500 FAX  ●  610.649.8509 
EMAIL  ●  info @ meyerdesigninc.com 
© 2021 MEYER DESIGN, INC MEYER ARCHITECTS, INC ALL RIGHTS RESERVED 
N.J. REG# 21AI01995400 
REGISTERED ARCHITECT 
DANIEL E. KING 
ISSUED FOR 
D.C.A 
03.11.2022 
D.C.A. NUMBER 
TBD 
CERTIFICATE OF NEED # 
CN ER 2021-08260-0701 
As indicated 
3/14/2022 10:34:37 AM 
CAPITOL SENIORS HOUSING
WEST ORANGE TOWNSHIP 
20085 
PAB 
2ND FLOOR - WEST 
WING - REFLECTED 
CEILING PLAN 
A6.02A
609 EAGLE ROCK AVE, 
WEST ORANGE, NJ 07052 
WEST ORANGE
1/8" = 1'-0" A6.02A 
1 2ND FLOOR - WEST WING - REFLECTED CEILING PLAN 
REV. 
NO. OPERATION DATE BY 
DESIGN DEVELOPMENT 12.03.21 JTC 
ISSUED TO DCA 03.11.22 JTC 
F(b)-33
03/15/2022
KEEP CROWN MOULDING: MEYER
SUGGESTS KEEPING CROWN MOULDING
IN THESE LOCATIONS TO ACCOMPLISH
ELEVATED DESIGN INTENT
ELIMINATE CROWN MOULDING IF
NECESSARY FOR COST REDUCTION:
MEYER SUGGESTS ELIMINATING CROWN
IN THESE AREAS WITH SOME SACRIFICE
TO DESIGN AESTHETICS
ELIMINATE CROWN MOULDING: MEYER
SUGGESTS ELIMINATING CROWN IN
THESE AREAS WITH LITTLE SACRIFICE TO
DESIGN AESTHETICS
CROWN MOULDING VE
COLOR KEY
IMC VM
#82,
Corridors

===== PAGE 145 =====
208 
209 210 
2015 
2016 2018 2017 
211 
212 213 
214 
215 
2ST04 
216 
217 
218 219 220 221 
8' - 6" 
7' - 8" 
8' - 6" 
7' - 8" 
MATCHLINE 
/1 A6.02A 
2500 
2600 
8' - 0" 8' - 0" 
8' - 0" 
8' - 6" 
9' - 0" 
8' - 0" 
7' - 8" 7' - 8" 
7
B10 B10 B10 B10 B10 B10 B10 
B10 
B10 
B10 
B10 
B10 B10 
B22 B22 
A6 A6 A6 A6 
C1 
C1 
C1 C1 
C1 
C1 
C1 
C1 
C1 C1 C1 
C1 C1 
C1 
C1 
A1 
A1 A1 
A1 
A1 
A1 
A1 
A1 
A1 
A1 A1 A1 A1 A1 A1 A1 A1 A1 
A1 
A1 A1 
A1 A1 
A1 
A9 
A9 
A1 
A6.04 
7
8
TYP. 
2' - 0" 
1' - 0" 
1' - 0" 2' - 0" 2' - 0" 2' - 0" 
1' - 0" 1' - 0" 
2' - 0" 
2' - 0" 
1' - 0" 1' - 0" 
1' - 0" 
1' - 0" 1' - 0" 
1' - 0" 
1' - 0" 
1' - 0" 
2' - 0" 
1' - 0" 
1' - 6" 
1' - 6" 
ALIGN 
ALIGN 
EQ. EQ. EQ. 
EQ. 
EQ. 
P-15A 
P-7B 
A12 
A11 
CEILING HEIGHT / SOFFIT HEIGHT INDICATION 
2' X 2' SUSPENDED CEILING SYSTEM (PUBLIC SPACES, 
INCLUDING ADMIN. OFFICES & DISCOVERY): 
TILE: ARMSTRONG 2X2 ULTIMA #1912 BEVELED TEGULAR 
EDGE; COLOR: WHITE 
GRID: ARMSTRONG SUPRAFINE 9/16" EXPOSED GRID, 
COLOR: WHITE 
SEE SPEC. BOOK FOR ADDT'L INFO. ON TYPE-1
2' X 2' SUSPENDED CEILING SYSTEM ('BACK OF HOUSE' E XCEPT 
FOR COMMERCIAL KITCHEN, COMMERCIAL LAUNDRY): 
TILE: ARMSTRONG FINE FISSURED #1729, SQUARE LAY-IN;  
COLOR: WHITE 
GRID:  ARMSTRONG PRELUDE XL 15/16" EXPOSED TEE 
COLOR: WHITE 
SEE SPEC. BOOK FOR ADDT'L INFO. ON TYPE-2
GWB CEILING OR SOFFIT LOCATION(S). REFER TO PLAN FO R 
INSTALLATION HEIGHTS 
0'-0" 
CEILING LEGEND 
2' X 4' SUSPENDED CEILING SYSTEM (COMMERCIAL 
KITCHEN, COMMERCIAL LAUNDRY): 
TILE: ARMSTRONG KITCHEN ZONE CEILING #672 , SQUARE 
LAY-IN; COLOR: WHITE 
GRID:  ARMSTRONG PRELUDE XL 15/16" EXPOSED TEE 
COLOR: WHITE 
SEE SPEC. BOOK FOR ADDT'L INFO. ON TYPE-3
PAINT GRADE INTERIOR BEADBOARD WITH CLASS A FIRE 
TREATED SURFACE FINISH; PROVIDE FIRE-TREATED PLYWOO D 
BEHIND BEADBOARD AS REQUIRED. LOCATION: MC LIVING 
2' X 2' SUSPENDED CEILING SYSTEM (UNITS, WHERE 
INDICATED ON ENLARGED UNIT RCPS): 
TILE: ARMSTRONG 2X2 MESA BEVELED TEGULAR EDGE; 
COLOR: WHITE 
GRID: ARMSTRONG SUPRAFINE 9/16" EXPOSED GRID, 
COLOR: WHITE 
SEE SPEC. BOOK FOR ADDT'L INFO. ON TYPE-4
CROWN MOULDING.  REFER TO DETAILS AND FINISH 
SCHEDULE FOR MORE INFORMATION. 
ACCENT CEILING FINISH; SEE FINISH SPECIFICATIONS FO R MORE 
INFORMATION 
X-X
AZEK BEADBOARD (EXTERIOR USE ONLY); 1/2" X 5-1/2" X  
18'; TRADITIONAL FINISH 
PAINT GRADE VENEER OVER 3/8" THK PLYWOOD, P-1B FINI SH, U.N.O. 
PANEL MOULDING APPLIED TO CEILING, SEE ENLARGED PLA NS 
FOR ADDITIONAL INFO 
INTERIOR PLANK CEILING. RULON LINEAR CLOSED SUSPEND ED 
WOOD CEILING. 
WOOD SPECIES: MAPLE COLOR: STAIN TO MATCH S-4. 
SIZE: 4" MODULE (3-3/4" PLANK WITH 1/4" REVEAL) 
WITH CLASS A FIRE TREATED SURFACE OPTION 
SEE SPEC. BOOK FOR ADDITIONAL INFO. 
LOCATION: ELEVATOR LOBBY 
2' X 2' SUSPENDED CEILING SYSTEM (SPORTS LOUNGE): 
TILE: ARMSTRONG 2X2 ULTIMA #1912 BEVELED TEGULAR 
EDGE; COLOR: BLACK 
GRID: ARMSTRONG SUPRAFINE 9/16" EXPOSED GRID, 
COLOR: BLACK 
SEE SPEC. BOOK FOR ADDT'L INFO. ON TYPE-1
STAIN GRADE VENEER OVER 3/8" THK PLYWOOD, S-4 FINIS H, U.N.O. 
DECORATIVE WOOD BEAM, RULON ACCENT VENEER BEAM, 
LOCATION: MC LIVING, MC DINING/ACTIVITY 
WOOD SPECIES: POPLAR 
COLOR: APRICOT, SIZE: SEE RCP FOR INFORMATION 
WITH CLASS A FIRE TREATED SURFACE OPTION 
SEE SPEC. BOOK FOR ADDITIONAL INFO. 
DECORATIVE WOOD BEAM, RULON ACCENT VENEER BEAM, 
LOCATION: BISTRO, AL LIVING 
WOOD SPECIES: POPLAR 
COLOR: STAIN TO MATCH S-4, SIZE: SEE RCP FOR INFORM ATION 
WITH CLASS A FIRE TREATED SURFACE OPTION 
SEE SPEC. BOOK FOR ADDITIONAL INFO. 
2' X 2' SUSPENDED DECORATIVE CEILING TILE (SPORTS L OUNGE): 
TILE: ABOVE VIEW, GROOVED QUARTER PYRAMID CEILING T ILE 
COLOR: WHITE SATIN LATEX PAINT 
GRID: SEE MFR. INSTALLATION GUIDE FOR DETAIL, 
(4) CEILING TILES CREATE 4'X4' PYRAMID PATTERN, CEN TER 
POINT. SEE RCP FOR MORE DETAIL 
1. TYPE B LIGHT AND EX3 - HEIGHT IS TAKEN FROM BOTTO M 
OF FIXTURE ABOVE FINISHED FLOOR, UNO. 
2. TYPE C LIGHT AND EX2 & EX4 - HEIGHT IS TAKEN FROM  
CENTER OF OVERALL HEIGHT OF LIGHT FIXTURE ABOVE 
FINISHED FLOOR, UNO. 
TYPE MOUNTING HEIGHT 
A1 
A2 
A3 
A4 
A5 
A6 
A7 
A8 
A9 
A10 
A11 
A12 
A13 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
UNDER MILLWORK AS NOTED 
8' -0" 
8' -0" 
UNDER MILLWORK AS NOTED 
LIGHTING FIXTURE MOUNTING SCHEDULE 
SEE DETAIL FOR LOCATIONS 
B16 
B17 
B18 
C1 
C2 
C3 
C4 
REFER TO A5.18 FOR MORE INFO 
SEE ELEVATION  8/A5.26 FOR MORE INFO 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
6' -0" 
7' -2" 
B19a,b 
C5 6' -8" 
C6 
6' -0" 
6' -2" 
6' -6" 
TYPE MOUNTING HEIGHT 
B20 
B1 7' -6" 
B3 
B4 
B5 
B6 
B7 
B8 
B9 
B10 
6'-8" FOR LOWEST PENDANT, SEE ELEVATION 
7' -2" 
7' -6" 
2'-8" ABOVE COUNTERTOP, SEE ELEVATION 
8' -1" 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
7' -6" 
TYPE MOUNTING HEIGHT 
B14 
B15 
7' -0" 
7' -6" 
B12 7' -4" 
B13 
B11 
B2a,b,c 
B21 
B22 
C9 
EX1 
EX2 
EX3 
TYPE MOUNTING HEIGHT 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
8' -0" 
TBD 
C7 
C8 
B2a- 17', B2b- 16' AND B2c- 15' FROM FIRST FLOOR 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
2'-4" ABOVE HALF WALL, SEE ELEVATION 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
B23 CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
B24 5' -0" 
COORDINATE WITH MILLWORK, SEE ELEVATION 4/A5.23 FOR  MORE INFO 
7' -6" 
C10 8' -0" 
C11 SEE ELEVATION 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
7' -0" 
REFLECTED CEILING PLAN KEYNOTES 
RECESS SOFFITS 2" FROM PERPENDICULAR WALL TO ALLOW FOR FINISH CHANGE 1
2
3
4
5
LOCATION OF CHANDELIER LIFT MOTOR, ONE PER LIGHT (B 2) 
COORDINATE HOOD WITH LOCATION OF COOKTOP & CEILING DESIGN; ANSUL 
SYSTEM NOT TO BE VISIBLE FROM DINING ROOM; LOCATION  TO BE COORDINATED 
WITH MEP & ARCHITECT 
CENTER LIGHT OVER SINK 
6
LIGHT FIXTURE TO BE CENTERED AT POP -UP 
PANEL MOULDING PATTERN TO BE CENTERED IN ROOM AS SHOWN 
7 ALL SIDES OF FASCIA TO BE PAINTED ACCENT COLOR AS S CHEDULED 
8 REFER TO ELEVATION FOR LOCATION AND QUANTITY OF LIG HTS; REFER TO 
ELECTRICAL DRAWINGS FOR SPEC INFO 
9 SMOKE CURTAIN CEILING TRACK 
10 
11 
FINISHED UNDERSIDE OF CASED OPENING TO BE 8' -0" 
12 
DRAPERY POCKET, PAINT GRADE SOLID WOOD BOARD AT EDGE OF CEILING 
TO FORM A DRAPERY POCKET. ATTACH CROWN MOULDING AT FRONT OF 
THE BOARD, SOLID WOOD BOARD MUST NOT EXCEED THE BOTTOM OF 
CROWN MOULDING. INSIDE OF DRAPERY POCKET AND WOOD BOARD TO BE 
PAINTED P -1. 
13 
LIGHT FIXTURE TO BE CENTERED BETWEEN EDGE OF CEILIN G AND CROWN 
MOULDING. 
14 
DECORATIVE WALL SCONCES ARE TO BE CENTERED ON PILAS TERS; REFER 
TO ELEVATIONS. 
15 
INSTALL LUTRON TRIATHLON ROLLER SHADES WITH ARCHITE CTURAL FASCIA, 
CONTINUOUS ACROSS ALL WINDOWS NOTED, INSIDE MOUNT.  SHADES TO BE 
HARDWIRED AND INSTALLED WITH POWER PANELS (NO VISIB LE WIRING). PICO 
WIRELESS CONTROL TO BE PROVIDED.  SHADE COLOR TO BE  APPROVED IN SUBMITTAL 
PROCESS. 
PROVIDE ELEVATOR SMOKE CONTAINMENT CURTAIN: M200 IN TERTEK BY SMOKE 
GUARD OR APPROVED EQUAL. 
16 FULL HEIGHT DECORATIVE PANEL, SEE FINISH SCHEDULE A ND ELEVATIONS FOR 
DETAIL. 
17 INSTALL LUTRON TRIATHLON ROLLER SHADES WITH ARCHITE CTURAL FASCIA, 
CONTINUOUS ACROSS ALL WINDOWS NOTES, INSIDE MOUNT. SHADES TO BE 
HARDWIRED AND INSTALLED WITH POWER PANELS (NO VISIB LE WIRING.) PICO 
WIRELESS CONTROL TO BE PROVIDED. SHADE COLOR TO BE APPROVED IN SUBMITTAL 
PROCESS. 
PROJECT SPECIFIC REFLECTED CEILING PLAN NOTES: 
1. SEE SHEETS A5.01 THROUGH A5.12 FOR RESIDENT ROOM  TYPICAL CEILING PLANS. 
2. ALL GWB CEILINGS AND SOFFITS TO BE PAINTED CEILI NG WHITE UNLESS NOTED 
OTHERWISE. 
3. REFER TO A5.30 FOR MOULDING PROFILES. 
4. ELECTRICIAN IS TO REVIEW MILLWORK DRAWINGS FOR A NY LIGHTING FIXTURES 
LOCATED IN MILLWORK. 
5. CHANDELIER LIFT TO BE INSTALLED BY CONTRACTOR, I NSTALLED REMOTELY LOCATED 
MECHANIZED LIFT ABOVE FINISHED CEILINGS FOR CHANDEL IER, MODIFY ABOVE CEILING 
STRUCTURE AS REQUIRED.  ALADDIN LIGHT LIFT #ALL200R M-CM INSTALLED PER 
MANUFACTURERS INSTRUCTIONS.  SEE A6.02A FOR LOCATIO N. REP INFO: ZACHARY 
BARRY 256.429.9700 
6. BIDDING CONTRACTORS TO INCLUDE UNIT PRICING FOR ALL LIGHTING FIXTURE 
SPECIFICATIONS ON ELECTRICAL ENGINEER DWGS. 
7. IN LOCATIONS WHERE ACCENT MATERIAL IS CALLED OUT  IN A TRAY CEILING, ONLY THE 
HORIZONTAL SURFACE IS TO RECEIVE THAT MATERIAL AND SURROUNDING VERTICAL 
SURFACES ARE TO BE CEILING WHITE, U.N.O. 
8. IN LOCATIONS WHERE ACCENT MATERIAL IS CALLED OUT  ON A SOFFIT, ALL EXPOSED 
EDGES OF SOFFIT ARE TO BE ACCENT MATERIAL. 
PM: 
DRAWING NO. PROJECT 
NORTH 
SCALE: 
JOB. NO.: 
MEYER DESIGN, INC.  ● MEYER ARCHITECTS, INC. 
227 EAST LANCASTER AVENUE  ●  ARDMORE, PA 19003-2304
  VOICE  ●  610.649.8500 FAX  ●  610.649.8509 
EMAIL  ●  info @ meyerdesigninc.com 
© 2021 MEYER DESIGN, INC MEYER ARCHITECTS, INC ALL RIGHTS RESERVED 
N.J. REG# 21AI01995400 
REGISTERED ARCHITECT 
DANIEL E. KING 
ISSUED FOR 
D.C.A 
03.11.2022 
D.C.A. NUMBER 
TBD 
CERTIFICATE OF NEED # 
CN ER 2021-08260-0701 
As indicated 
3/14/2022 10:34:40 AM 
CAPITOL SENIORS HOUSING
WEST ORANGE TOWNSHIP 
20085 
PAB 
2ND FLOOR - EAST 
WING - REFLECTED 
CEILING PLAN 
A6.02B
609 EAGLE ROCK AVE, 
WEST ORANGE, NJ 07052 
WEST ORANGE
1/8" = 1'-0" A6.02B 
1 2ND FLOOR - EAST WING - REFLECTED CEILING PLAN REV. 
NO. OPERATION DATE BY 
DESIGN DEVELOPMENT 12.03.21 JTC 
ISSUED TO DCA 03.11.22 JTC 
F(b)-34
03/15/2022
REMOVE CEILING
DETAIL AND REPLACE
WITH GWB POP UP
KEEP CROWN MOULDING: MEYER
SUGGESTS KEEPING CROWN MOULDING
IN THESE LOCATIONS TO ACCOMPLISH
ELEVATED DESIGN INTENT
ELIMINATE CROWN MOULDING IF
NECESSARY FOR COST REDUCTION:
MEYER SUGGESTS ELIMINATING CROWN
IN THESE AREAS WITH SOME SACRIFICE
TO DESIGN AESTHETICS
ELIMINATE CROWN MOULDING: MEYER
SUGGESTS ELIMINATING CROWN IN
THESE AREAS WITH LITTLE SACRIFICE TO
DESIGN AESTHETICS
CROWN MOULDING VE
COLOR KEY
ADD TO VE LIST
IMC VM
#82,
Corridors

===== PAGE 146 =====
329 328 327 
3002 
326 
3EV01 3EV02 
3004 
325 
324 323 
3006 
3ST03 
307 
304 
303 302 
301 
3ST02 
330 
8' - 6" 
8' - 6" 
7' - 8" 
7' - 8" 
MATCHLINE 
/1 A6.03B 
3300 
3400 
3500 
8' - 0" 
8' - 0" 
8' - 6" 
7' - 10" 
3001 
A6.04 
10 
3
8' - 6" 
7' - 8" 
8' - 6" 
7' - 8" 7' - 6" 
9' - 0" 
305 306 
3003 
SKYLIGHT 
#1 
B10 B10 B10 B10 
B10 B10 B10 B10 B10 
B10 
B10 
B10 
B10 
B10 B10 
C1 
C1 C1 
C1 
C1 
C1 C1 
C1 
C1 
C1 
C1 
C1 
C1 C1 
C1 
A1 A1 
A1 A1 A1 
A1 
A1 
A1 
A1 
A1 A1 
A1 A1 
A1 A1 
A1 
A1 
A1 
B19a 
B19b 
B19a 
B19b 
B19a 
B19b 
B19a 
A8 
C4 
A1 
A1 
B21 
A1 
A1 A1 
B10 
B10 B10 A1 B10 B10 
8' - 0" 3001A 
A1 
9' - 0" 
A1 
A1 
A1 
A1 
ALIGN 
A1 
A1 
8' - 6" 8' - 6" ALIGN 
1' - 6" 
8
TYP. 
5
9' - 0" 
A6.04 
9
C9 
C9 
P-15A 
6' - 0" 
EQ EQ EQ 
EQ 
1' - 0" 2' - 0" 
1' - 0" 
1' - 0" 
1' - 0" 1' - 0" 
1' - 0" 
1' - 0" 
1' - 0" 
1' - 0" 
EQ EQ EQ 
EQ ALIGN 
2' - 0" 2' - 0" 2' - 0" 1' - 0" 
EQ EQ 
EQ 
EQ 
1' - 0" 1' - 0" 
1' - 0" 
1' - 0" 
EQ. EQ. 
EQ. 
EQ. 
TYP. 
1' - 6" 
1' - 0" 
1' - 0" 
1' - 0" 
1' - 0" 
1' - 0" 
1' - 0" 
1' - 0" 
1' - 0" 1' - 0" 
1' - 6" 
ALIGN 
ALIGN 
EQ 
EQ EQ EQ 
1' - 0" 
1' - 0" 
A6.04 
8
B17 B17 B17 B17 
B17 B17 B17 B17 B18 
EQ EQ 
EQ. EQ. 
EQ. EQ. EQ. EQ. 
A1 
A1 A1 
A1 
8' - 6" 
8' - 0" 
8' - 0" 
7' - 8" 
8' - 6" 
8' - 0" 
7' - 8" 
P-20C 
P-18C 
C11 C11 
EX3 EX3 
8' - 0" 
SKYLIGHT 
#1 
C1 
A1 
EQ EQ 
7' - 8" 
8' - 6" 
EQ 
EQ 
1' - 0" 
B17 B17 B17 B17 
B18 
B18 
7' - 0" 
7' - 0" 
B18 
B18 
B18 
A9 A1 A9 
8' - 0" 
EQ EQ 
12 
TYP. FOR B18 
7' - 0" 
7' - 0" 
3100 
3200 
A12 
A11 A11 A11 
CEILING HEIGHT / SOFFIT HEIGHT INDICATION 
2' X 2' SUSPENDED CEILING SYSTEM (PUBLIC SPACES, 
INCLUDING ADMIN. OFFICES & DISCOVERY): 
TILE: ARMSTRONG 2X2 ULTIMA #1912 BEVELED TEGULAR 
EDGE; COLOR: WHITE 
GRID: ARMSTRONG SUPRAFINE 9/16" EXPOSED GRID, 
COLOR: WHITE 
SEE SPEC. BOOK FOR ADDT'L INFO. ON TYPE-1
2' X 2' SUSPENDED CEILING SYSTEM ('BACK OF HOUSE' E XCEPT 
FOR COMMERCIAL KITCHEN, COMMERCIAL LAUNDRY): 
TILE: ARMSTRONG FINE FISSURED #1729, SQUARE LAY-IN;  
COLOR: WHITE 
GRID:  ARMSTRONG PRELUDE XL 15/16" EXPOSED TEE 
COLOR: WHITE 
SEE SPEC. BOOK FOR ADDT'L INFO. ON TYPE-2
GWB CEILING OR SOFFIT LOCATION(S). REFER TO PLAN FO R 
INSTALLATION HEIGHTS 
0'-0" 
CEILING LEGEND 
2' X 4' SUSPENDED CEILING SYSTEM (COMMERCIAL 
KITCHEN, COMMERCIAL LAUNDRY): 
TILE: ARMSTRONG KITCHEN ZONE CEILING #672 , SQUARE 
LAY-IN; COLOR: WHITE 
GRID:  ARMSTRONG PRELUDE XL 15/16" EXPOSED TEE 
COLOR: WHITE 
SEE SPEC. BOOK FOR ADDT'L INFO. ON TYPE-3
PAINT GRADE INTERIOR BEADBOARD WITH CLASS A FIRE 
TREATED SURFACE FINISH; PROVIDE FIRE-TREATED PLYWOO D 
BEHIND BEADBOARD AS REQUIRED. LOCATION: MC LIVING 
2' X 2' SUSPENDED CEILING SYSTEM (UNITS, WHERE 
INDICATED ON ENLARGED UNIT RCPS): 
TILE: ARMSTRONG 2X2 MESA BEVELED TEGULAR EDGE; 
COLOR: WHITE 
GRID: ARMSTRONG SUPRAFINE 9/16" EXPOSED GRID, 
COLOR: WHITE 
SEE SPEC. BOOK FOR ADDT'L INFO. ON TYPE-4
CROWN MOULDING.  REFER TO DETAILS AND FINISH 
SCHEDULE FOR MORE INFORMATION. 
ACCENT CEILING FINISH; SEE FINISH SPECIFICATIONS FO R MORE 
INFORMATION 
X-X
AZEK BEADBOARD (EXTERIOR USE ONLY); 1/2" X 5-1/2" X  
18'; TRADITIONAL FINISH 
PAINT GRADE VENEER OVER 3/8" THK PLYWOOD, P-1B FINI SH, U.N.O. 
PANEL MOULDING APPLIED TO CEILING, SEE ENLARGED PLA NS 
FOR ADDITIONAL INFO 
INTERIOR PLANK CEILING. RULON LINEAR CLOSED SUSPEND ED 
WOOD CEILING. 
WOOD SPECIES: MAPLE COLOR: STAIN TO MATCH S-4. 
SIZE: 4" MODULE (3-3/4" PLANK WITH 1/4" REVEAL) 
WITH CLASS A FIRE TREATED SURFACE OPTION 
SEE SPEC. BOOK FOR ADDITIONAL INFO. 
LOCATION: ELEVATOR LOBBY 
2' X 2' SUSPENDED CEILING SYSTEM (SPORTS LOUNGE): 
TILE: ARMSTRONG 2X2 ULTIMA #1912 BEVELED TEGULAR 
EDGE; COLOR: BLACK 
GRID: ARMSTRONG SUPRAFINE 9/16" EXPOSED GRID, 
COLOR: BLACK 
SEE SPEC. BOOK FOR ADDT'L INFO. ON TYPE-1
STAIN GRADE VENEER OVER 3/8" THK PLYWOOD, S-4 FINIS H, U.N.O. 
DECORATIVE WOOD BEAM, RULON ACCENT VENEER BEAM, 
LOCATION: MC LIVING, MC DINING/ACTIVITY 
WOOD SPECIES: POPLAR 
COLOR: APRICOT, SIZE: SEE RCP FOR INFORMATION 
WITH CLASS A FIRE TREATED SURFACE OPTION 
SEE SPEC. BOOK FOR ADDITIONAL INFO. 
DECORATIVE WOOD BEAM, RULON ACCENT VENEER BEAM, 
LOCATION: BISTRO, AL LIVING 
WOOD SPECIES: POPLAR 
COLOR: STAIN TO MATCH S-4, SIZE: SEE RCP FOR INFORM ATION 
WITH CLASS A FIRE TREATED SURFACE OPTION 
SEE SPEC. BOOK FOR ADDITIONAL INFO. 
2' X 2' SUSPENDED DECORATIVE CEILING TILE (SPORTS L OUNGE): 
TILE: ABOVE VIEW, GROOVED QUARTER PYRAMID CEILING T ILE 
COLOR: WHITE SATIN LATEX PAINT 
GRID: SEE MFR. INSTALLATION GUIDE FOR DETAIL, 
(4) CEILING TILES CREATE 4'X4' PYRAMID PATTERN, CEN TER 
POINT. SEE RCP FOR MORE DETAIL 
1. TYPE B LIGHT AND EX3 - HEIGHT IS TAKEN FROM BOTTO M 
OF FIXTURE ABOVE FINISHED FLOOR, UNO. 
2. TYPE C LIGHT AND EX2 & EX4 - HEIGHT IS TAKEN FROM  
CENTER OF OVERALL HEIGHT OF LIGHT FIXTURE ABOVE 
FINISHED FLOOR, UNO. 
TYPE MOUNTING HEIGHT 
A1 
A2 
A3 
A4 
A5 
A6 
A7 
A8 
A9 
A10 
A11 
A12 
A13 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
UNDER MILLWORK AS NOTED 
8' -0" 
8' -0" 
UNDER MILLWORK AS NOTED 
LIGHTING FIXTURE MOUNTING SCHEDULE 
SEE DETAIL FOR LOCATIONS 
B16 
B17 
B18 
C1 
C2 
C3 
C4 
REFER TO A5.18 FOR MORE INFO 
SEE ELEVATION  8/A5.26 FOR MORE INFO 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
6' -0" 
7' -2" 
B19a,b 
C5 6' -8" 
C6 
6' -0" 
6' -2" 
6' -6" 
TYPE MOUNTING HEIGHT 
B20 
B1 7' -6" 
B3 
B4 
B5 
B6 
B7 
B8 
B9 
B10 
6'-8" FOR LOWEST PENDANT, SEE ELEVATION 
7' -2" 
7' -6" 
2'-8" ABOVE COUNTERTOP, SEE ELEVATION 
8' -1" 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
7' -6" 
TYPE MOUNTING HEIGHT 
B14 
B15 
7' -0" 
7' -6" 
B12 7' -4" 
B13 
B11 
B2a,b,c 
B21 
B22 
C9 
EX1 
EX2 
EX3 
TYPE MOUNTING HEIGHT 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
8' -0" 
TBD 
C7 
C8 
B2a- 17', B2b- 16' AND B2c- 15' FROM FIRST FLOOR 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
2'-4" ABOVE HALF WALL, SEE ELEVATION 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
B23 CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
B24 5' -0" 
COORDINATE WITH MILLWORK, SEE ELEVATION 4/A5.23 FOR  MORE INFO 
7' -6" 
C10 8' -0" 
C11 SEE ELEVATION 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
7' -0" 
REFLECTED CEILING PLAN KEYNOTES 
RECESS SOFFITS 2" FROM PERPENDICULAR WALL TO ALLOW FOR FINISH CHANGE 1
2
3
4
5
LOCATION OF CHANDELIER LIFT MOTOR, ONE PER LIGHT (B 2) 
COORDINATE HOOD WITH LOCATION OF COOKTOP & CEILING DESIGN; ANSUL 
SYSTEM NOT TO BE VISIBLE FROM DINING ROOM; LOCATION  TO BE COORDINATED 
WITH MEP & ARCHITECT 
CENTER LIGHT OVER SINK 
6
LIGHT FIXTURE TO BE CENTERED AT POP -UP 
PANEL MOULDING PATTERN TO BE CENTERED IN ROOM AS SHOWN 
7 ALL SIDES OF FASCIA TO BE PAINTED ACCENT COLOR AS S CHEDULED 
8 REFER TO ELEVATION FOR LOCATION AND QUANTITY OF LIG HTS; REFER TO 
ELECTRICAL DRAWINGS FOR SPEC INFO 
9 SMOKE CURTAIN CEILING TRACK 
10 
11 
FINISHED UNDERSIDE OF CASED OPENING TO BE 8' -0" 
12 
DRAPERY POCKET, PAINT GRADE SOLID WOOD BOARD AT EDGE OF CEILING 
TO FORM A DRAPERY POCKET. ATTACH CROWN MOULDING AT FRONT OF 
THE BOARD, SOLID WOOD BOARD MUST NOT EXCEED THE BOTTOM OF 
CROWN MOULDING. INSIDE OF DRAPERY POCKET AND WOOD BOARD TO BE 
PAINTED P -1. 
13 
LIGHT FIXTURE TO BE CENTERED BETWEEN EDGE OF CEILIN G AND CROWN 
MOULDING. 
14 
DECORATIVE WALL SCONCES ARE TO BE CENTERED ON PILAS TERS; REFER 
TO ELEVATIONS. 
15 
INSTALL LUTRON TRIATHLON ROLLER SHADES WITH ARCHITE CTURAL FASCIA, 
CONTINUOUS ACROSS ALL WINDOWS NOTED, INSIDE MOUNT.  SHADES TO BE 
HARDWIRED AND INSTALLED WITH POWER PANELS (NO VISIB LE WIRING). PICO 
WIRELESS CONTROL TO BE PROVIDED.  SHADE COLOR TO BE  APPROVED IN SUBMITTAL 
PROCESS. 
PROVIDE ELEVATOR SMOKE CONTAINMENT CURTAIN: M200 IN TERTEK BY SMOKE 
GUARD OR APPROVED EQUAL. 
16 FULL HEIGHT DECORATIVE PANEL, SEE FINISH SCHEDULE A ND ELEVATIONS FOR 
DETAIL. 
17 INSTALL LUTRON TRIATHLON ROLLER SHADES WITH ARCHITE CTURAL FASCIA, 
CONTINUOUS ACROSS ALL WINDOWS NOTES, INSIDE MOUNT. SHADES TO BE 
HARDWIRED AND INSTALLED WITH POWER PANELS (NO VISIB LE WIRING.) PICO 
WIRELESS CONTROL TO BE PROVIDED. SHADE COLOR TO BE APPROVED IN SUBMITTAL 
PROCESS. 
PROJECT SPECIFIC REFLECTED CEILING PLAN NOTES: 
1. SEE SHEETS A5.01 THROUGH A5.12 FOR RESIDENT ROOM  TYPICAL CEILING PLANS. 
2. ALL GWB CEILINGS AND SOFFITS TO BE PAINTED CEILI NG WHITE UNLESS NOTED 
OTHERWISE. 
3. REFER TO A5.30 FOR MOULDING PROFILES. 
4. ELECTRICIAN IS TO REVIEW MILLWORK DRAWINGS FOR A NY LIGHTING FIXTURES 
LOCATED IN MILLWORK. 
5. CHANDELIER LIFT TO BE INSTALLED BY CONTRACTOR, I NSTALLED REMOTELY LOCATED 
MECHANIZED LIFT ABOVE FINISHED CEILINGS FOR CHANDEL IER, MODIFY ABOVE CEILING 
STRUCTURE AS REQUIRED.  ALADDIN LIGHT LIFT #ALL200R M-CM INSTALLED PER 
MANUFACTURERS INSTRUCTIONS.  SEE A6.02A FOR LOCATIO N. REP INFO: ZACHARY 
BARRY 256.429.9700 
6. BIDDING CONTRACTORS TO INCLUDE UNIT PRICING FOR ALL LIGHTING FIXTURE 
SPECIFICATIONS ON ELECTRICAL ENGINEER DWGS. 
7. IN LOCATIONS WHERE ACCENT MATERIAL IS CALLED OUT  IN A TRAY CEILING, ONLY THE 
HORIZONTAL SURFACE IS TO RECEIVE THAT MATERIAL AND SURROUNDING VERTICAL 
SURFACES ARE TO BE CEILING WHITE, U.N.O. 
8. IN LOCATIONS WHERE ACCENT MATERIAL IS CALLED OUT  ON A SOFFIT, ALL EXPOSED 
EDGES OF SOFFIT ARE TO BE ACCENT MATERIAL. 
PM: 
DRAWING NO. PROJECT 
NORTH 
SCALE: 
JOB. NO.: 
MEYER DESIGN, INC.  ● MEYER ARCHITECTS, INC. 
227 EAST LANCASTER AVENUE  ●  ARDMORE, PA 19003-2304
  VOICE  ●  610.649.8500 FAX  ●  610.649.8509 
EMAIL  ●  info @ meyerdesigninc.com 
© 2021 MEYER DESIGN, INC MEYER ARCHITECTS, INC ALL RIGHTS RESERVED 
N.J. REG# 21AI01995400 
REGISTERED ARCHITECT 
DANIEL E. KING 
ISSUED FOR 
D.C.A 
03.11.2022 
D.C.A. NUMBER 
TBD 
CERTIFICATE OF NEED # 
CN ER 2021-08260-0701 
As indicated 
3/14/2022 10:34:46 AM 
CAPITOL SENIORS HOUSING
WEST ORANGE TOWNSHIP 
20085 
PAB 
3RD FLOOR - WEST 
WING - REFLECTED 
CEILING PLAN 
A6.03A
609 EAGLE ROCK AVE, 
WEST ORANGE, NJ 07052 
WEST ORANGE
1/8" = 1'-0" A6.03A 
1 3RD FLOOR - WEST WING - REFLECTED CEILING PLAN 
REV. 
NO. OPERATION DATE BY 
DESIGN DEVELOPMENT 12.03.21 JTC 
ISSUED TO DCA 03.11.22 JTC 
F(b)-35
03/15/2022
KEEP CROWN MOULDING: MEYER
SUGGESTS KEEPING CROWN MOULDING
IN THESE LOCATIONS TO ACCOMPLISH
ELEVATED DESIGN INTENT
ELIMINATE CROWN MOULDING IF
NECESSARY FOR COST REDUCTION:
MEYER SUGGESTS ELIMINATING CROWN
IN THESE AREAS WITH SOME SACRIFICE
TO DESIGN AESTHETICS
ELIMINATE CROWN MOULDING: MEYER
SUGGESTS ELIMINATING CROWN IN
THESE AREAS WITH LITTLE SACRIFICE TO
DESIGN AESTHETICS
CROWN MOULDING VE
COLOR KEY
ELIMINATE WOOD
BEAMS AND REPLACE
WITH SIMPLE APPLIED
WOOD MOULDING
ADD TO VE LIST
IMC VM
#82,
Corridors

===== PAGE 147 =====
322 321 320 319 
318 
317 
3ST04 
316 
315 314 313 
312 
3009 
3011 3010 
3008 
311 310 309 
8' - 6" 
8' - 6" 
7' - 8" 
7' - 8" 
MATCHLINE 
/1 A6.03A 
3500 
3600 
8' - 6" 
9' - 0" 
8' - 0" 
8' - 0" 8' - 0" 
8' - 0" 
7' - 8" 7' - 8" 
7
SKYLIGHT 
#2 
B22 B22 
A6 A6 A6 A6 
C1 C1 
C1 C1 C1 
C1 C1 C1 
C1 
C1 
C1 
C1 
C1 C1 
C1 A1 A1 
A1 
A1 
A1 
A1 
A1 
A1 
A1 A1 A1 A1 A1 A1 A1 A1 A1 
B10 B10 B10 B10 B10 B10 B10 
B10 
B10 
B10 
B10 
B10 B10 
A1 
A1 
A1 
A1 
A1 
A1 
A9 
A9 
A1 
1' - 6" 
C9 
C9 
8
TYP. 
1' - 0" 
1' - 0" 
2' - 0" 2' - 0" 2' - 0" 
1' - 0" 1' - 0" 
2' - 0" 
2' - 0" 
1' - 0" 1' - 0" 
1' - 0" 
2' - 0" 
1' - 0" 1' - 0" 1' - 0" 
2' - 0" 
1' - 6" 
1' - 6" 
1' - 6" 
1' - 6" 
1' - 6" 
1' - 6" 
EQ 
EQ 
1' - 6" 
1' - 6" 
1' - 6" 
1' - 6" 
3' - 2" 3' - 2" 
EQ. EQ. EQ. 
P-15A 
P-7B 
A11 
A12 
CEILING HEIGHT / SOFFIT HEIGHT INDICATION 
2' X 2' SUSPENDED CEILING SYSTEM (PUBLIC SPACES, 
INCLUDING ADMIN. OFFICES & DISCOVERY): 
TILE: ARMSTRONG 2X2 ULTIMA #1912 BEVELED TEGULAR 
EDGE; COLOR: WHITE 
GRID: ARMSTRONG SUPRAFINE 9/16" EXPOSED GRID, 
COLOR: WHITE 
SEE SPEC. BOOK FOR ADDT'L INFO. ON TYPE-1
2' X 2' SUSPENDED CEILING SYSTEM ('BACK OF HOUSE' E XCEPT 
FOR COMMERCIAL KITCHEN, COMMERCIAL LAUNDRY): 
TILE: ARMSTRONG FINE FISSURED #1729, SQUARE LAY-IN;  
COLOR: WHITE 
GRID:  ARMSTRONG PRELUDE XL 15/16" EXPOSED TEE 
COLOR: WHITE 
SEE SPEC. BOOK FOR ADDT'L INFO. ON TYPE-2
GWB CEILING OR SOFFIT LOCATION(S). REFER TO PLAN FO R 
INSTALLATION HEIGHTS 
0'-0" 
CEILING LEGEND 
2' X 4' SUSPENDED CEILING SYSTEM (COMMERCIAL 
KITCHEN, COMMERCIAL LAUNDRY): 
TILE: ARMSTRONG KITCHEN ZONE CEILING #672 , SQUARE 
LAY-IN; COLOR: WHITE 
GRID:  ARMSTRONG PRELUDE XL 15/16" EXPOSED TEE 
COLOR: WHITE 
SEE SPEC. BOOK FOR ADDT'L INFO. ON TYPE-3
PAINT GRADE INTERIOR BEADBOARD WITH CLASS A FIRE 
TREATED SURFACE FINISH; PROVIDE FIRE-TREATED PLYWOO D 
BEHIND BEADBOARD AS REQUIRED. LOCATION: MC LIVING 
2' X 2' SUSPENDED CEILING SYSTEM (UNITS, WHERE 
INDICATED ON ENLARGED UNIT RCPS): 
TILE: ARMSTRONG 2X2 MESA BEVELED TEGULAR EDGE; 
COLOR: WHITE 
GRID: ARMSTRONG SUPRAFINE 9/16" EXPOSED GRID, 
COLOR: WHITE 
SEE SPEC. BOOK FOR ADDT'L INFO. ON TYPE-4
CROWN MOULDING.  REFER TO DETAILS AND FINISH 
SCHEDULE FOR MORE INFORMATION. 
ACCENT CEILING FINISH; SEE FINISH SPECIFICATIONS FO R MORE 
INFORMATION 
X-X
AZEK BEADBOARD (EXTERIOR USE ONLY); 1/2" X 5-1/2" X  
18'; TRADITIONAL FINISH 
PAINT GRADE VENEER OVER 3/8" THK PLYWOOD, P-1B FINI SH, U.N.O. 
PANEL MOULDING APPLIED TO CEILING, SEE ENLARGED PLA NS 
FOR ADDITIONAL INFO 
INTERIOR PLANK CEILING. RULON LINEAR CLOSED SUSPEND ED 
WOOD CEILING. 
WOOD SPECIES: MAPLE COLOR: STAIN TO MATCH S-4. 
SIZE: 4" MODULE (3-3/4" PLANK WITH 1/4" REVEAL) 
WITH CLASS A FIRE TREATED SURFACE OPTION 
SEE SPEC. BOOK FOR ADDITIONAL INFO. 
LOCATION: ELEVATOR LOBBY 
2' X 2' SUSPENDED CEILING SYSTEM (SPORTS LOUNGE): 
TILE: ARMSTRONG 2X2 ULTIMA #1912 BEVELED TEGULAR 
EDGE; COLOR: BLACK 
GRID: ARMSTRONG SUPRAFINE 9/16" EXPOSED GRID, 
COLOR: BLACK 
SEE SPEC. BOOK FOR ADDT'L INFO. ON TYPE-1
STAIN GRADE VENEER OVER 3/8" THK PLYWOOD, S-4 FINIS H, U.N.O. 
DECORATIVE WOOD BEAM, RULON ACCENT VENEER BEAM, 
LOCATION: MC LIVING, MC DINING/ACTIVITY 
WOOD SPECIES: POPLAR 
COLOR: APRICOT, SIZE: SEE RCP FOR INFORMATION 
WITH CLASS A FIRE TREATED SURFACE OPTION 
SEE SPEC. BOOK FOR ADDITIONAL INFO. 
DECORATIVE WOOD BEAM, RULON ACCENT VENEER BEAM, 
LOCATION: BISTRO, AL LIVING 
WOOD SPECIES: POPLAR 
COLOR: STAIN TO MATCH S-4, SIZE: SEE RCP FOR INFORM ATION 
WITH CLASS A FIRE TREATED SURFACE OPTION 
SEE SPEC. BOOK FOR ADDITIONAL INFO. 
2' X 2' SUSPENDED DECORATIVE CEILING TILE (SPORTS L OUNGE): 
TILE: ABOVE VIEW, GROOVED QUARTER PYRAMID CEILING T ILE 
COLOR: WHITE SATIN LATEX PAINT 
GRID: SEE MFR. INSTALLATION GUIDE FOR DETAIL, 
(4) CEILING TILES CREATE 4'X4' PYRAMID PATTERN, CEN TER 
POINT. SEE RCP FOR MORE DETAIL 
1. TYPE B LIGHT AND EX3 - HEIGHT IS TAKEN FROM BOTTO M 
OF FIXTURE ABOVE FINISHED FLOOR, UNO. 
2. TYPE C LIGHT AND EX2 & EX4 - HEIGHT IS TAKEN FROM  
CENTER OF OVERALL HEIGHT OF LIGHT FIXTURE ABOVE 
FINISHED FLOOR, UNO. 
TYPE MOUNTING HEIGHT 
A1 
A2 
A3 
A4 
A5 
A6 
A7 
A8 
A9 
A10 
A11 
A12 
A13 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
UNDER MILLWORK AS NOTED 
8' -0" 
8' -0" 
UNDER MILLWORK AS NOTED 
LIGHTING FIXTURE MOUNTING SCHEDULE 
SEE DETAIL FOR LOCATIONS 
B16 
B17 
B18 
C1 
C2 
C3 
C4 
REFER TO A5.18 FOR MORE INFO 
SEE ELEVATION  8/A5.26 FOR MORE INFO 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
6' -0" 
7' -2" 
B19a,b 
C5 6' -8" 
C6 
6' -0" 
6' -2" 
6' -6" 
TYPE MOUNTING HEIGHT 
B20 
B1 7' -6" 
B3 
B4 
B5 
B6 
B7 
B8 
B9 
B10 
6'-8" FOR LOWEST PENDANT, SEE ELEVATION 
7' -2" 
7' -6" 
2'-8" ABOVE COUNTERTOP, SEE ELEVATION 
8' -1" 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
7' -6" 
TYPE MOUNTING HEIGHT 
B14 
B15 
7' -0" 
7' -6" 
B12 7' -4" 
B13 
B11 
B2a,b,c 
B21 
B22 
C9 
EX1 
EX2 
EX3 
TYPE MOUNTING HEIGHT 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
8' -0" 
TBD 
C7 
C8 
B2a- 17', B2b- 16' AND B2c- 15' FROM FIRST FLOOR 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
2'-4" ABOVE HALF WALL, SEE ELEVATION 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
B23 CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
B24 5' -0" 
COORDINATE WITH MILLWORK, SEE ELEVATION 4/A5.23 FOR  MORE INFO 
7' -6" 
C10 8' -0" 
C11 SEE ELEVATION 
CEILING HEIGHT AS NOTED 
7' -0" 
REFLECTED CEILING PLAN KEYNOTES 
RECESS SOFFITS 2" FROM PERPENDICULAR WALL TO ALLOW FOR FINISH CHANGE 1
2
3
4
5
LOCATION OF CHANDELIER LIFT MOTOR, ONE PER LIGHT (B 2) 
COORDINATE HOOD WITH LOCATION OF COOKTOP & CEILING DESIGN; ANSUL 
SYSTEM NOT TO BE VISIBLE FROM DINING ROOM; LOCATION  TO BE COORDINATED 
WITH MEP & ARCHITECT 
CENTER LIGHT OVER SINK 
6
LIGHT FIXTURE TO BE CENTERED AT POP -UP 
PANEL MOULDING PATTERN TO BE CENTERED IN ROOM AS SHOWN 
7 ALL SIDES OF FASCIA TO BE PAINTED ACCENT COLOR AS S CHEDULED 
8 REFER TO ELEVATION FOR LOCATION AND QUANTITY OF LIG HTS; REFER TO 
ELECTRICAL DRAWINGS FOR SPEC INFO 
9 SMOKE CURTAIN CEILING TRACK 
10 
11 
FINISHED UNDERSIDE OF CASED OPENING TO BE 8' -0" 
12 
DRAPERY POCKET, PAINT GRADE SOLID WOOD BOARD AT EDGE OF CEILING 
TO FORM A DRAPERY POCKET. ATTACH CROWN MOULDING AT FRONT OF 
THE BOARD, SOLID WOOD BOARD MUST NOT EXCEED THE BOTTOM OF 
CROWN MOULDING. INSIDE OF DRAPERY POCKET AND WOOD BOARD TO BE 
PAINTED P -1. 
13 
LIGHT FIXTURE TO BE CENTERED BETWEEN EDGE OF CEILIN G AND CROWN 
MOULDING. 
14 
DECORATIVE WALL SCONCES ARE TO BE CENTERED ON PILAS TERS; REFER 
TO ELEVATIONS. 
15 
INSTALL LUTRON TRIATHLON ROLLER SHADES WITH ARCHITE CTURAL FASCIA, 
CONTINUOUS ACROSS ALL WINDOWS NOTED, INSIDE MOUNT.  SHADES TO BE 
HARDWIRED AND INSTALLED WITH POWER PANELS (NO VISIB LE WIRING). PICO 
WIRELESS CONTROL TO BE PROVIDED.  SHADE COLOR TO BE  APPROVED IN SUBMITTAL 
PROCESS. 
PROVIDE ELEVATOR SMOKE CONTAINMENT CURTAIN: M200 IN TERTEK BY SMOKE 
GUARD OR APPROVED EQUAL. 
16 FULL HEIGHT DECORATIVE PANEL, SEE FINISH SCHEDULE A ND ELEVATIONS FOR 
DETAIL. 
17 INSTALL LUTRON TRIATHLON ROLLER SHADES WITH ARCHITE CTURAL FASCIA, 
CONTINUOUS ACROSS ALL WINDOWS NOTES, INSIDE MOUNT. SHADES TO BE 
HARDWIRED AND INSTALLED WITH POWER PANELS (NO VISIB LE WIRING.) PICO 
WIRELESS CONTROL TO BE PROVIDED. SHADE COLOR TO BE APPROVED IN SUBMITTAL 
PROCESS. 
PROJECT SPECIFIC REFLECTED CEILING PLAN NOTES: 
1. SEE SHEETS A5.01 THROUGH A5.12 FOR RESIDENT ROOM  TYPICAL CEILING PLANS. 
2. ALL GWB CEILINGS AND SOFFITS TO BE PAINTED CEILI NG WHITE UNLESS NOTED 
OTHERWISE. 
3. REFER TO A5.30 FOR MOULDING PROFILES. 
4. ELECTRICIAN IS TO REVIEW MILLWORK DRAWINGS FOR A NY LIGHTING FIXTURES 
LOCATED IN MILLWORK. 
5. CHANDELIER LIFT TO BE INSTALLED BY CONTRACTOR, I NSTALLED REMOTELY LOCATED 
MECHANIZED LIFT ABOVE FINISHED CEILINGS FOR CHANDEL IER, MODIFY ABOVE CEILING 
STRUCTURE AS REQUIRED.  ALADDIN LIGHT LIFT #ALL200R M-CM INSTALLED PER 
MANUFACTURERS INSTRUCTIONS.  SEE A6.02A FOR LOCATIO N. REP INFO: ZACHARY 
BARRY 256.429.9700 
6. BIDDING CONTRACTORS TO INCLUDE UNIT PRICING FOR ALL LIGHTING FIXTURE 
SPECIFICATIONS ON ELECTRICAL ENGINEER DWGS. 
7. IN LOCATIONS WHERE ACCENT MATERIAL IS CALLED OUT  IN A TRAY CEILING, ONLY THE 
HORIZONTAL SURFACE IS TO RECEIVE THAT MATERIAL AND SURROUNDING VERTICAL 
SURFACES ARE TO BE CEILING WHITE, U.N.O. 
8. IN LOCATIONS WHERE ACCENT MATERIAL IS CALLED OUT  ON A SOFFIT, ALL EXPOSED 
EDGES OF SOFFIT ARE TO BE ACCENT MATERIAL. 
PM: 
DRAWING NO. PROJECT 
NORTH 
SCALE: 
JOB. NO.: 
MEYER DESIGN, INC.  ● MEYER ARCHITECTS, INC. 
227 EAST LANCASTER AVENUE  ●  ARDMORE, PA 19003-2304
  VOICE  ●  610.649.8500 FAX  ●  610.649.8509 
EMAIL  ●  info @ meyerdesigninc.com 
© 2021 MEYER DESIGN, INC MEYER ARCHITECTS, INC ALL RIGHTS RESERVED 
N.J. REG# 21AI01995400 
REGISTERED ARCHITECT 
DANIEL E. KING 
ISSUED FOR 
D.C.A 
03.11.2022 
D.C.A. NUMBER 
TBD 
CERTIFICATE OF NEED # 
CN ER 2021-08260-0701 
As indicated 
3/14/2022 10:34:49 AM 
CAPITOL SENIORS HOUSING
WEST ORANGE TOWNSHIP 
20085 
PAB 
3RD FLOOR - EAST 
WING - REFLECTED 
CEILING PLAN 
A6.03B
609 EAGLE ROCK AVE, 
WEST ORANGE, NJ 07052 
WEST ORANGE
1/8" = 1'-0" A6.03B 
1 3RD FLOOR - EAST WING - REFLECTED CEILING PLAN REV. 
NO. OPERATION DATE BY 
DESIGN DEVELOPMENT 12.03.21 JTC 
ISSUED TO DCA 03.11.22 JTC 
F(b)-36
03/15/2022
KEEP CROWN MOULDING: MEYER
SUGGESTS KEEPING CROWN MOULDING
IN THESE LOCATIONS TO ACCOMPLISH
ELEVATED DESIGN INTENT
ELIMINATE CROWN MOULDING IF
NECESSARY FOR COST REDUCTION:
MEYER SUGGESTS ELIMINATING CROWN
IN THESE AREAS WITH SOME SACRIFICE
TO DESIGN AESTHETICS
ELIMINATE CROWN MOULDING: MEYER
SUGGESTS ELIMINATING CROWN IN
THESE AREAS WITH LITTLE SACRIFICE TO
DESIGN AESTHETICS
CROWN MOULDING VE
COLOR KEY
IMC VM
#82,
Corridors

===== PAGE 148 =====
F(b)-37
RESIDENT UNIT VE OPTIONS
CHANGE TO FLAT PANEL WOOD CABINETS/DRAWERS IN
RESIDENT UNITS 
ADD TO VE LIST
REPLACE FAUCET WITH MOEN CHATEAU L4621
REPLACE SINK WITH KOHLER CAXTON OVAL K-2210-0
REPLACE GRAB BAR WITH HARNEY HARDWARE CONTEMPORARY, SATIN STAINLESS STEEL
REPLACE GRAB BAR WITH HARNEY HARDWARE CONTEMPORARY, SATIN STAINLESS STEEL
REPLACE ROBE HOOK WITH PFISTER FAUCETS, VENTURI, BRUSHED NICKEL
REPLACE TOWEL RING WITH PFISTER FAUCETS, VENTURI, BRUSHED NICKEL
REPLACE 18" TOWEL BAR WITH PFISTER FAUCETS, VENTURI, BRUSHED NICKEL
REPLACE DOUBLE 24" TOWEL BAR WITH PFISTER FAUCETS, VENTURI, BRUSHED NICKEL
ADD TO VE LIST
ADD TO VE LIST
ADD TO VE LIST
ADD TO VE LIST
ADD TO VE LIST
ADD TO VE LIST
ADD TO VE LIST
ADD TO VE LIST
IMC VM #83
IMC VM #83
IMC VM #84
IMC VM #84
IMC VM #84
IMC VM #84

===== PAGE 149 =====
IMC Team, 
Thanks for jumping on the call this afternoon to go over the VE that you have priced thus far.
Following up on the meeting, there are a few things that we need from IMC to finalize the VE
Selections. 
VM#09 – Please confirm the total LF associated with this potential credit 5,600 LF
VM#11 – Does IMC believe that there is a cheaper solution for our running trim package via the
use of a MDF product or similar? Garden State Lumber MDF Products
VM#16 – Can IMC get us photos/site location where you have utilized the stone imprint fence
previously?
VM#17 – Can IMC clarify what is included in the $41k. I know this is a “Target” VM, but what got
you to this number?  This is a percentage reduction target given by a lighting supplier based of their
 analysis of the package. They feel this would be a realistic reduction based on reselection of certain
fixtures.
VM#18 – IMC to get itemized list from Clark showing how we achieve this savings See list below in
reference documents.
VM#19 – How did IMC get to this potential VM target? Similar to the light fixtures. in speaking with
subcontractors they feel that this is an target cost percentage reduction if select design
modifications 
are made.
VM#20 – IMC to get photos/site locations for a few buildings that have this installed, one of which
should be older than 5 years See photos below in reference documents.
VM#21 – Can IMC please send a document showing the beams that you believe can be adjusted
so that they can be verified by Bala See marked up plan in below reference documents.
VM#26 – Can IMC send a mark-up of the elevation showing what is included as Vinyl Siding? See
marked up plan in below reference documents.
VM#28 – IMC clarified that this number included the smoke evac system and the stair. Can IMC
please provide a breakdown on this See below breakdown in reference doc
VM#29 – IMC to provide electric fireplace spec that gets us to this number. See below potential
specifications in below reference documents.
VM#35 – IMC to confirm if this includes colored concrete? Confirmed
VM#37 – Can IMC get a breakout from their drywall guy for what was carried for these column
wraps. $32,000 
VM#38 – Can IMC ask around to their plumbers for any previous experience with the rental
equipment, or any recommended companies that rent out this equipment. 
IMC VE Clarifications
We have spoken to multiple plumbers who do not currently have experience
with rental units.  We are continuing to reach out to gather intel.
See cut sheet below in reference documents.
F(b)-38

===== PAGE 150 =====
SELECT DESIRED SIZE:
SELECT DESIRED COLOR:
BEIGE GRANITE
6' HEIGHT X 6' WIDE
BROWN GRANITE
DARK BROWN GRANITE
GRAY GRANITE
BLACK GRANITE
NOTES:
1.   INSTALLATION TO BE COMPLETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH MANUFACTURER'S SPECIFICATIONS.
2.   DO NOT SCALE DRAWING.
3.   THIS DRAWING IS INTENDED FOR USE BY ARCHITECTS, ENGINEERS, CONTRACTORS, CONSULTANTS AND DESIGN PROFESSIONALS
FOR PLANNING PURPOSES ONLY.  THIS DRAWING MAY NOT BE USED FOR CONSTRUCTION.
4.   ALL INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN WAS CURRENT AT THE TIME OF DEVELOPMENT BUT MUST BE REVIEWED AND APPROVED BY
THE PRODUCT MANUFACTURER TO BE CONSIDERED ACCURATE.
5.   CONTRACTOR'S NOTE: FOR PRODUCT AND COMPANY INFORMATION VISIT www.CADdetails.com/info AND ENTER
REFERENCE NUMBER 
035-102
.
(BUFFTECH) ALLEGHENY FENCE PANEL - 6' H X 6' W
PRIVACY FENCING
2"
GOOD NEIGHBOR FENCE,
SAME STONE PATTERN
ON BOTH SIDES
ISOMETRIC VIEW
ELEVATION VIEW
MANUFACTURER NOTES:
1.   US PATENTS 7,478,797 / 7,635,114 FOREIGN PATENTS PENDING.
74"
MINIMUM TOP OF POST
TO GROUND LEVEL
28"
71 1/2"
102"
POST HEIGHT
5" X 5"
POST
GROUND
LEVEL
SPECIFICATIONS
FINISH:
 MADE WITH LINEAR LOW DENSITY
POLYETHYLENE  PLASTIC (LLDPE)
ACTUAL PANEL DIMENSIONS:
 72" H X 69.75" W
PANEL WEIGHT:
 56 LBS
TOLERANCES
: ± .5"
CADdetails.com
03/30/2021
PROTECTED BY COPYRIGHT ©
2021
 CADDETAILS.COM LTD.
REVISION DATE
www.certainteed.com
CERTAINTEED FENCE
DECK AND RAIL DIVISION
231 SHIP CANAL PARKWAY
BUFFALO, NY 14218
TOLL FREE: 1-800-333-0569
PHONE: (716) 823-3023
FAX: (716) 823-2843
035-102
VM #16
F(b)-39

===== PAGE 151 =====
Capital Senior Housing West NJ
11400 COST-SAVINGS SUMMARY 6.9.22
EQUIPMENT ITEM #'S CHANGE DEDUCTION PENDING APPROVED DECLINED NOTES
S/S Equipment
K8, K10, K11, K12, K13, K14, K45, 
K47, K48, K49, K54, K59, K61, K65, 
K67
Open S/S Equipment from Advance Tabco to 
Regency  $         6,000 
Item K45: Regency does not have a 30" wall 
shelf. We are providing a 24". K48: Regency alt 
is 112" overall length, 24"x24"x14". Side 
splashes are not included. 
Shelving, Bun/ Sheet Pan 
Rack
K6.1, K6.2, K6.3, K9.1, K9.2, K34, 
K50.1, K50.2, K50.3
Open Shelving, Bun/ Sheet Pan Rack from 
Metro to Regency  $         1,200 
Mixer, Slicer K17, K18 Open Mixer, Slicer from Hobart to Globe  $         1,500 K17: Globe alt has 3 speeds and 690 watts. All 
other specs are the same. 
Dishwasher K42 Open Dishwasher from Hobart to Jackson  $         1,000 
Refrigerators K23, K37, S7, S9 Open True Manufacturing, Vulcan to Beverage 
Air  $       13,000 
Countertop Equipment K26, K35, K38, K39, S2
Open Countertop Cooking Equipment from 
Vulcan,Hatco, Panasonic to Cooking 
Performance Group
 $         2,700 
K39: CPG alt does not have a plate rail or splash 
guard option. K35: Avatoast alt is 300 slices per 
hour. The extended feed guide. S2: This is 1 1/2" 
slots. 
Warming Equipment K60, K62, S4
Open Warming Equipment from Cres Cor, APW 
Wyott, CookTek to ServIt, Avantco, Hatco, 
Acopa
 $         7,200 
MISC Equipment
K10.1, K10.2, K12.1, K13.2, K13.3, 
K15, K21.1, K22.1, K26.1, K27.1, 
K36, K39.1, K41.1, K43, K48.1, 
K48.2, K51, K53.1, K55, K56.1, 
K56.2, K66, K69, K71
Open MISC Equipment from T&S Brass, 
Rubbermaid, Dormont, Everpure to Regency, 
Lavex, C Pure
 $             500 MISC includes water filters, gas hoses, and 
faucets
Deduction Total  $       33,100 
Approved By:
Print Name:
Date:
IMC VM #18
F(b)-40

===== PAGE 152 =====
In Progress
2014
2014
VM #20
F(b)-41

===== PAGE 153 =====
2
N
D
 
F
L
O
O
R
 
F
R
A
M
I
N
G
 
S
H
E
E
T
 
N
O
T
E
S
1
.
 
T
O
P
 
O
F
 
S
E
C
O
N
D
 
F
I
N
I
S
H
E
D
 
F
L
O
O
R
 
S
L
A
B
 
E
L
E
V
A
T
I
O
N
 
+
1
1
'
-
8
"
 
A
B
O
V
E
 
S
L
A
B
 
O
N
 
G
R
A
D
E
 
E
L
E
V
A
T
I
O
N
 
0
'
-
0
"
.
 
S
E
E
 
A
R
C
H
I
T
E
C
T
U
R
A
L
 
D
R
A
W
I
N
G
S
 
F
O
R
 
S
L
A
B
 
D
E
P
R
E
S
S
I
O
N
S
,
 
S
L
O
P
E
S
,
 
S
T
E
P
S
,
 
E
T
C
.
2
.
 
T
O
P
 
O
F
 
S
T
E
E
L
 
E
L
E
V
A
T
I
O
N
 
I
S
 
+
1
1
'
-
6
"
 
U
N
L
E
S
S
 
N
O
T
E
D
 
O
T
H
E
R
W
I
S
E
.
 
E
L
E
V
A
T
I
O
N
S
 
G
I
V
E
N
 
O
N
 
P
L
A
N
 
T
H
U
S
 
(
-
X
'
-
X
"
)
 
A
R
E
 
R
E
F
E
R
E
N
C
E
D
 
T
O
 
E
L
E
V
A
T
I
O
N
 
+
1
1
'
-
6
"
.
3
.
 
T
Y
P
I
C
A
L
 
(
1
2
"
 
T
O
T
A
L
 
T
H
I
C
K
N
E
S
S
)
 
F
L
O
O
R
 
C
O
N
S
T
R
U
C
T
I
O
N
 
S
H
A
L
L
 
B
E
 
1
0
"
 
H
O
L
L
O
W
 
C
O
R
E
 
P
R
E
C
A
S
T
 
P
L
A
N
K
 
T
O
P
P
E
D
 
W
I
T
H
 
2
"
 
N
O
R
M
A
L
 
W
E
I
G
H
T
 
C
O
N
C
R
E
T
E
 
(
f
'
c
 
=
 
3
5
0
0
 
P
S
I
)
 
.
 
 
P
L
A
N
K
 
B
E
A
R
I
N
G
 
E
L
E
V
A
T
I
O
N
 
I
S
 
+
1
0
'
-
8
"
 
A
B
O
V
E
 
S
L
A
B
 
O
N
 
G
R
A
D
E
 
E
L
E
V
A
T
I
O
N
 
0
'
-
0
"
.
4
.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
I
N
D
I
C
A
T
E
S
 
S
P
A
N
 
O
F
 
P
L
A
N
K
,
 
S
E
E
 
N
O
T
E
 
T
H
R
E
E
.
5
.
 
E
D
G
E
 
O
F
 
P
L
A
N
K
 
(
E
O
P
)
 
A
L
I
G
N
S
 
W
I
T
H
 
O
U
T
S
I
D
E
 
F
A
C
E
 
O
F
 
E
X
T
.
 
W
A
L
L
 
S
T
U
D
S
,
 
U
.
N
.
O
.
 
O
N
 
P
L
A
N
.
 
 
6
.
 
T
Y
P
I
C
A
L
 
I
N
T
E
R
I
O
R
 
E
D
G
E
 
O
F
 
S
L
A
B
 
(
E
.
O
.
S
.
)
 
D
I
M
E
N
S
I
O
N
 
S
H
A
L
L
 
B
E
 
6
"
.
7
.
 
R
E
A
C
T
I
O
N
S
 
S
H
O
W
N
 
O
N
 
P
L
A
N
 
A
R
E
 
U
N
F
A
C
T
O
R
E
D
 
S
E
R
V
I
C
E
 
R
E
A
C
T
I
O
N
S
.
 
F
A
B
R
I
C
A
T
O
R
 
T
O
 
P
R
O
V
I
D
E
 
C
O
N
N
E
C
T
I
O
N
S
 
F
O
R
 
T
H
E
 
R
E
A
C
T
I
O
N
S
 
S
H
O
W
N
 
O
N
 
P
L
A
N
 
O
R
 
1
/
2
 
O
F
 
T
H
E
 
M
A
X
I
M
U
M
 
U
N
I
F
O
R
M
 
L
O
A
D
 
C
A
R
R
Y
I
N
G
 
C
A
P
A
C
I
T
Y
 
O
F
 
T
H
E
 
B
E
A
M
,
 
W
H
I
C
H
E
V
E
R
 
I
S
 
G
R
E
A
T
E
R
.
 
R
E
F
E
R
 
T
O
 
G
E
N
E
R
A
L
 
N
O
T
E
S
 
 
F
O
R
 
B
E
A
M
/
C
O
L
U
M
N
 
C
O
N
N
E
C
T
I
O
N
S
.
.
8
.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
I
N
D
I
C
A
T
E
S
 
G
R
A
V
I
T
Y
 
M
O
M
E
N
T
 
C
O
N
N
E
C
T
I
O
N
 
D
E
S
I
G
N
 
T
O
 
D
E
V
E
L
O
P
 
T
H
E
 
I
N
D
I
C
A
T
E
D
 
S
E
R
V
I
C
E
 
M
O
M
E
N
T
.
1
1
1
.
1
1
.
1
1
.
8
1
.
8
2
2
.
4
2
.
4
2
.
8
2
.
8
3
3
3
.
2
3
.
2
4
4
3
.
5
3
.
5
3
.
8
3
.
8
5
5
6
.
5
6
.
5
7
.
4
7
.
4
6
.
6
6
.
6
7
7
6
.
3
6
.
3
6
.
7
6
.
7
7
.
2
7
.
2
8
8
8
.
1
8
.
1
8
.
7
8
.
7
8
.
5
8
.
5
8
.
8
8
.
8
9
9
1
0
.
1
1
0
.
1
1
0
1
0
9
.
4
9
.
4
1
1
1
1
1
0
.
7
1
0
.
7
1
0
.
5
1
0
.
5
1
1
.
1
1
1
.
1
1
2
1
2
C
C
B
.
1
B
.
1
C
.
8
C
.
8
D
.
6
D
.
6
D
D
E
E
F
F
F
.
3
F
.
3
H
H
G
G
.
5
H
.
4
I
.
2
I
.
2
I
.
1
I
.
1
I
I
K
K
J
J
J
.
2
J
.
2
L
L
K
.
9
K
.
9
K
.
8
K
.
8
J
.
3
J
.
3
G
.
3
G
.
3
I
.
4
I
.
4
H
.
8
H
.
8
B
B
W
1
0
X
2
2
W12X22
W
1
0
X
2
6
W
1
0
X
2
2
W
1
8
X
7
6
W12X22
W
1
8
X
6
5
W
1
6
X
3
6
HSS10X4X3
/8
W
1
0
X
2
2
W10X15
W10X22
W
1
8
X
7
6
W
1
0
X
4
5
W10X15
W
1
0
X
2
6
W10X54
W
1
0
X
4
9
W
1
0
X
2
6
W10X19
W
1
0
X
2
2
W
1
8
X
3
5
W
1
8
X
7
1
W
1
0
X
4
9
W10X22
W
1
0
X
2
2
W
1
0
X
2
2
W
1
0
X
2
2
W
1
0
X
2
2
W10X15
W10X15
6
6
F
.
5
F
.
5
A
A
W
1
0
X
2
6
W
1
8
X
4
0
W
1
0
X
3
0
W
1
0
X
3
9
W
1
8
X
3
5
W
1
8
X
5
0
W
1
8
X
3
5
W
1
6
X
2
6
W
1
6
X
2
6
W
1
0
X
2
2
H
S
S
1
0
X
4
X
3
/
8
W
1
0
X
3
9
W
1
0
X
2
2
W
1
0
X
3
9
W
1
0
X
2
2
W
1
8
X
4
6
W
1
8
X
3
5
W10X30
W10X15
W10X19
W10X45
W10X22
W16X67
W10X15
W10X15
W12X22
W10X60 W10
X15 W10X15
W10X15
W
1
6
X
3
1
W
1
6
X
3
1
W
1
6
X
3
1
W
1
6
X
3
1
10" PRECA
ST PLANK 
WITH 
2" NORMAL
 WEIGHT 
CONCRETE 
TOPPING S
LAB
10" PRECA
ST PLANK 
WITH 
2" NORMAL
 WEIGHT 
CONCRETE 
TOPPING S
LAB
10" PRECA
ST PLANK 
WITH 
2" NORMAL
 WEIGHT 
CONCRETE 
TOPPING S
LAB
10" PRECA
ST PLANK 
WITH 
2" NORMAL
 WEIGHT 
CONCRETE 
TOPPING S
LAB
10" PRECA
ST PLANK 
WITH 
2" NORMAL
 WEIGHT 
CONCRETE 
TOPPING S
LAB
10" PRECA
ST PLANK 
WITH 
2" NORMAL
 WEIGHT 
CONCRETE 
TOPPING S
LAB
W
1
0
X
3
0
W
1
0
X
2
2
W
1
0
X
2
2
W
1
0
X
2
2
E
L
E
V
A
T
O
R
 
G
U
I
D
E
 
R
A
I
L
 
P
O
S
T
S
,
 
T
Y
P
.
 
O
F
 
S
I
X
.
 
S
E
E
 
T
Y
P
.
 
D
E
T
A
I
L
S
 
A
N
D
 
C
O
O
R
D
.
 
W
I
T
H
 
E
L
E
V
 
M
F
G
 
F
O
R
 
A
T
T
A
C
H
M
E
N
T
 
L
O
C
A
T
I
O
N
S
F
.
6
F
.
6
W
1
6
X
5
0
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
P
O
S
T
-
U
P
 
F
R
O
M
 
2
N
D
 
F
L
O
O
R
 
T
O
 
R
O
O
F
F
.
8
F
.
8
6
.
2
6
.
2
B
.
9
B
.
9
6
.
8
6
.
8
6
.
9
6
.
9
C
O
L
U
M
N
 
S
T
O
P
S
 
A
T
 
S
U
P
P
O
R
T
E
D
 
F
L
O
O
R
,
 
S
E
E
 
T
Y
P
.
 
D
E
T
A
I
L
C
O
L
U
M
N
 
S
T
O
P
S
 
A
T
 
S
U
P
P
O
R
T
E
D
 
F
L
O
O
R
C
O
L
U
M
N
 
S
T
O
P
S
 
A
T
 
S
U
P
P
O
R
T
E
D
 
F
L
O
O
R
C
O
L
U
M
N
 
S
T
O
P
S
 
A
T
 
S
U
P
P
O
R
T
E
D
 
F
L
O
O
R
P
O
S
T
 
U
P
 
F
R
O
M
 
2
N
D
 
F
L
O
O
R
 
T
O
 
R
O
O
F
W
1
0
X
8
8
4
.
1
4
.
3
4
.
3
4
.
6
5
.
3
6
.
1
0
.
A
0
.
A
5
.
5
5
.
5
6
.
4
W16X57
W
1
0
x
2
2
 
O
U
T
R
I
G
G
E
R
W
1
0
x
2
2
O
U
T
R
I
G
G
E
R
P
O
S
T
-
U
P
 
F
R
O
M
 
2
N
D
 
F
L
O
O
R
 
T
O
 
R
O
O
F
P
O
S
T
 
U
P
 
F
R
O
M
 
2
N
D
 
F
L
O
O
R
 
T
O
 
3
R
D
 
F
L
O
O
R
C
O
L
U
M
N
 
S
T
O
P
S
 
A
T
 
S
U
P
P
O
R
T
E
D
 
F
L
O
O
R
P
C
.
1
P
C
.
2
P
C
.
D
P
C
.
A
P
C
.
E
P
C
.
4
1
S
5
.
0
1
4
S
5
.
0
1
1
S
5
.
0
2
2
S
5
.
0
2
6
S
5
.
0
1
3
S
5
.
0
2
H
S
S
5
X
5
X
1
/
4
H
S
S
4
X
4
X
1
/
4
H
S
S
5
X
5
X
1
/
4
H
S
S
4
X
4
X
1
/
4
O
P
E
N
 
T
O
 
B
E
L
O
W
W
1
0
X
1
5
R
T
U
-
1
 
N
O
T
 
T
O
 
E
X
C
E
E
D
 
1
5
0
0
 
L
B
S
,
 
S
E
E
 
M
E
C
H
 
D
W
G
S
.
K
E
F
-
2
 
N
O
T
 
T
O
 
E
X
C
E
E
D
 
2
5
0
 
L
B
S
,
 
S
E
E
 
M
E
C
H
 
D
W
G
S
.
(
-
0
'
-
1
0
"
)
(
-
0
'
-
1
0
"
)
(
-
0
'
-
1
0
"
)
(
-
0
'
-
1
0
"
)
(
-
0
'
-
1
0
"
)
(
-
0
'
-
1
0
"
)
(
-
0
'
-
1
0
"
)
(
-
0
'
-
1
0
"
)
B
.
O
.
S
T
L
.
 
=
 
(
+
0
'
-
2
"
)
B
.
O
.
S
T
L
.
 
=
 
(
+
0
'
-
2
"
)
B
.
O
.
S
T
L
.
 
=
 
(
+
0
'
-
2
"
)
4
S
3
.
0
1
1
S
4
.
0
1
2
S
4
.
0
1
9
S
4
.
0
1
1
S
4
.
0
1
2
S
4
.
0
1
1
S
4
.
0
1
1
5
S
4
.
0
1
1
4
S
4
.
0
1
P
L
A
N
K
 
M
F
G
 
T
O
 
P
R
O
V
I
D
E
 
H
E
A
D
E
R
S
 
A
R
O
U
N
D
 
A
L
L
 
S
H
A
F
T
 
O
P
E
N
I
N
G
S
,
 
T
Y
P
.
1
4
S
4
.
0
1
1
4
S
4
.
0
1
5
S
2
.
0
2
C
1
2
x
2
0
.
7
 
M
O
N
U
M
E
N
T
A
L
 
S
T
A
I
R
 
S
T
R
I
N
G
E
R
S
,
 
T
Y
P
.
A
R
B
O
R
 
F
R
A
M
I
N
G
,
 
B
Y
 
O
T
H
E
R
S
W10X26
P
C
.
3
P
C
.
B
P
C
.
C
(
+
0
'
-
8
"
)
(
+
0
'
-
8
"
)
(
+
0
'
-
8
"
)
(
+
0
'
-
8
"
)
HSS6X4X1/
4
H
S
S
6
X
4
X
1
/
4
H
S
S
6
X
4
X
1
/
4
H
S
S
6
X
4
X
1
/
4
H
S
S
6
X
4
X
3
/
8
H
S
S
6
X
4
X
3
/
8
5
'
 
-
 
4
"
0
'
 
-
 
9
 
1
/
8
"
1
3
'
 
-
 
1
 
1
/
4
"
0
'
 
-
 
9
 
1
/
8
"
H
S
S
6
X
4
X
1
/
4
(
+
0
'
-
8
"
)
6
0
0
S
1
6
2
-
4
3
 
3
3
k
s
i
 
@
 
1
6
"
 
o
.
c
.
(
+
0
'
-
8
"
)
1
 
1
/
2
"
 
2
0
 
G
A
U
G
E
 
T
Y
P
E
 
B
 
R
O
O
F
 
D
E
C
K
 
S
U
P
P
O
R
T
I
N
G
 
B
A
L
L
A
S
T
E
D
 
R
O
O
F
B
.
O
.
S
T
L
.
 
=
 
(
+
0
'
-
2
"
)
W10X15
 
C
F
S
 
C
A
N
O
P
Y
 
P
E
R
 
M
E
T
A
L
 
S
T
U
D
 
M
F
G
.
 
T
R
U
S
S
E
S
 
F
R
A
M
E
D
 
@
 
1
6
"
 
O
.
C
.
 
C
F
S
 
C
A
N
O
P
Y
 
P
E
R
 
M
E
T
A
L
 
S
T
U
D
 
M
F
G
.
 
T
R
U
S
S
E
S
 
F
R
A
M
E
D
 
@
 
1
6
"
 
O
.
C
.
 
C
F
S
 
C
A
N
O
P
Y
 
P
E
R
 
M
E
T
A
L
 
S
T
U
D
 
M
F
G
.
 
T
R
U
S
S
E
S
 
F
R
A
M
E
D
 
@
 
1
6
"
 
O
.
C
.
S
M
O
K
E
 
E
V
A
C
 
C
U
R
T
A
I
N
S
 
@
 
A
T
R
I
U
M
,
 
2
6
 
P
L
F
.
 
S
E
E
 
A
R
C
H
.
 
D
W
G
S
.
 
F
O
R
 
D
E
T
A
I
L
S
6
'
 
-
 
3
 
1
/
4
"
6
'
 
-
 
5
 
1
/
2
"
W
8
X
1
5
B
.
O
.
 
S
T
L
.
 
=
 
(
+
0
'
-
2
"
)
H
S
S
6
X
4
X
1
/
4
(
+
0
'
-
8
"
)
10" PRECA
ST PLANK 
WITH 
2" NORMAL
 WEIGHT 
CONCRETE 
TOPPING S
LAB
W
1
0
X
1
5
10" BARE 
PRECAST P
LANK, 
NO TOPPIN
G SLAB, A
ND 
WITH BALL
ASTED ROO
F
10" BARE 
PRECAST P
LANK, 
NO TOPPIN
G SLAB, A
ND 
WITH BALL
ASTED ROO
F
P
R
E
-
E
N
G
I
N
E
E
R
E
D
 
W
O
O
D
 
R
O
O
F
 
T
R
U
S
S
E
S
 
W
I
T
H
 
B
A
L
L
A
S
T
E
D
 
R
O
O
F
3
5
k
3
5
k
2
5
k
3
0
k
3
0
k
3
0
k
4
0
k
55k
4
5
k
40k
3
5
k
3
0
k
6
0
k
6
0
k
4
0
k
4
0
k
2
0
k
2
0
k
2
0
k
2
0
k
5
5
k
5
5
k
4
5
k
4
5
k
3
0
k
3
0
k
20k
2
5
k
2
5
k
4
5
k
4
5
k
2
5
k
3
0
k
2
5
k
3
0
k
2
0
k
2
0
k
4
5
k
4
5
k
25 ft
-
k
30 ft
-
k
35k
2
5
k
2
5
k
6
0
k
6
5
k
2
5
k
2
5
k
4
0
k
2
5
k
2
0
k
2
0
k
2
0
k
2
0
k
5
5
k
5
0
k
4
0
k
5
5
k
4
5
k
55k
45k
5
5
k
3
0
k
3
5
k
4
0
k
3
5
k
3
0
k
3
0
k
3
0
k
3
0
k
4
0
k
4
0
k
75k
30k
2
0
k
2
0
k
2
0
k
2
5
k
B
F
B
F
B
F
B
F
BF
BF
BF
BF
BF
BF
C
O
N
T
.
M
 
=
 
2
0
 
F
T
-
K
M
 
=
 
2
0
 
F
T
-
K
M
 
=
 
2
0
 
F
T
-
K
M
 
=
 
2
0
 
F
T
-
K
1
0
S
4
.
0
1
1
3
S
4
.
0
1
E.0.S.
1' - 3"
2
S
4
.
0
1
3
S
4
.
0
1
1
S
4
.
0
1
5
S
4
.
0
1
8
S
4
.
0
1
4
S
4
.
0
1
W10X30
(
-
0'
-
10")
0
'
 
-
 
0
 
1
/
2
"
6
S
4
.
0
1
7
S
4
.
0
1
4
S
4
.
0
1
2
S
4
.
0
1
1
S
4
.
0
1
1
S
4
.
0
1
9
S
4
.
0
1
1
2
S
4
.
0
1
9
S
4
.
0
1
9
S
4
.
0
1
7
S
4
.
0
1
7
S
4
.
0
1
1
S
4
.
0
1
6
S
4
.
0
1
9
S
4
.
0
1
1
S
4
.
0
1
1
3
S
4
.
0
1
W12X22
M
I
N
.
 
1
0
0
0
S
2
0
0
-
6
8
 
B
O
X
 
H
E
A
D
E
R
7
S
4
.
0
1
(
-
0
'
-
1
0
"
)
M
A
U
-
2
 
N
O
T
 
T
O
 
E
X
C
E
E
D
 
7
0
0
 
L
B
S
,
 
S
E
E
 
M
E
C
H
 
D
W
G
S
.
K
E
F
-
2
 
N
O
T
 
T
O
 
E
X
C
E
E
D
 
2
5
0
 
L
B
S
,
 
S
E
E
 
M
E
C
H
 
D
W
G
S
.
W
A
L
K
-
I
N
 
C
U
 
N
O
T
 
T
O
 
E
X
C
E
E
D
 
2
0
0
 
L
B
S
,
 
S
E
E
 
M
E
C
H
 
D
W
G
S
.
M
A
U
-
1
 
N
O
T
 
T
O
 
E
X
C
E
E
D
 
9
0
0
 
L
B
S
,
 
S
E
E
 
M
E
C
H
 
D
W
G
S
.
1
1
S
4
.
0
1
T
Y
P
.
 
@
C
O
L
.
1
1
S
4
.
0
1
T
Y
P
 
@
 
C
O
L
.
4
"
 
D
I
A
.
 
H
O
L
E
 
I
N
 
B
E
A
M
S
 
F
O
R
 
P
L
U
M
B
I
N
G
 
L
I
N
E
,
 
S
E
E
 
S
E
C
T
I
O
N
2
1
S
4
.
0
1
2
0
S
4
.
0
1
P
M
:
D
R
A
W
I
N
G
 
N
O
.
P
R
O
J
E
C
T
 
N
O
R
T
H
S
C
A
L
E
:
J
O
B
.
 
N
O
.
:
MEYER DES
IGN, INC.
  ●MEYER 
ARCHITECT
S, INC.
227 EAST 
LANCASTER
 AVENUE  
●  ARDMOR
E, PA 190
03-2304
  VOICE  
●  610.64
9.8500
FAX  ●  6
10.649.85
09
EMAIL  ● 
 info @ m
eyerdesig
ninc.com
© 2021 ME
YER DESIG
N, INC ME
YER ARCHI
TECTS, IN
C ALL RIG
HTS RESER
VED
I
S
S
U
E
D
 
F
O
R
D
.
C
.
A
0
3
.
1
1
.
2
0
2
2
D
.
C
.
A
.
 
N
U
M
B
E
R
T
B
D
C
E
R
T
I
F
I
C
A
T
E
 
O
F
 
N
E
E
D
 
#
C
N
 
E
R
 
2
0
2
1
-
0
8
2
6
0
-
0
7
0
1
16
-
21
-
601
K
E
Y
 
P
L
A
N
STEVEN M.
 ANASTASI
O
PROFESSIO
NAL ENGIN
EER
N.J. REG#
 GE56181
A
s
 
i
n
d
i
c
a
t
e
d
3/12/2022
 2:01:10 
PM
CAPITOL S
ENIORS HO
USING
2
0
0
8
5
P
A
B
LEVEL 2 F
RAMING
PLAN WEST
S
1
.
0
2
A
609 EAGLE
 ROCK AVE
WEST ORAN
GE, NJ 07
052
WEST ORAN
GE TOWNSH
IP
WEST ORAN
GE
1
/
8
"
 
=
 
1
'
-
0
"
S
1
.
0
2
A
1
2
N
D
 
F
L
O
O
R
 
F
R
A
M
I
N
G
 
P
L
A
N
 
W
E
S
T
R
E
V
.
N
O
.
O
P
E
R
A
T
I
O
N
D
A
T
E
B
Y
I
S
S
U
E
D
 
T
O
 
D
C
A
0
3
/
1
1
/
2
0
2
2
T
F
M
VM #21
F(b)-42

===== PAGE 154 =====
1
2
1
2
1
3
1
3
1
3
.
3
1
3
.
3
1
3
.
8
1
3
.
8
1
4
.
4
1
4
.
4
1
5
.
3
1
5
.
3
1
6
.
2
1
6
.
2
1
4
1
4
1
5
1
5
1
5
.
5
1
5
.
5
1
6
1
6
1
7
1
7
1
8
1
8
C
C
B
.
1
B
.
1
C
.
8
C
.
8
D
.
6
D
.
6
D
D
E
E
F
F
H
H
K
K
J
J
J
.
2
J
.
2
L
L
K
.
9
K
.
9
K
.
8
K
.
8
J
.
3
J
.
3
G
.
3
G
.
3
W
1
0
X
2
2
W
1
6
X
4
0
W
2
1
X
4
4
W
1
6
X
3
1
W
1
0
X
2
2
W
1
0
X
3
9
W
1
0
X
4
5
W
1
0
X
4
5
F
.
5
F
.
5
A
A
W
1
0
X
2
2
W
1
8
X
7
1
W
1
0
X
2
6
W
2
1
X
4
4
W
1
0
X
2
6
W
1
0
X
2
2
W
1
8
X
6
0
W
1
0
X
2
2
W10X45
W10X45
W12X22
10" PRECA
ST PLANK 
WITH 
2" NORMAL
 WEIGHT 
CONCRETE 
TOPPING S
LAB
10" PRECA
ST PLANK 
WITH 
2" NORMAL
 WEIGHT 
CONCRETE 
TOPPING S
LAB
10" PRECA
ST PLANK 
WITH 
2" NORMAL
 WEIGHT 
CONCRETE 
TOPPING S
LAB
10" PRECA
ST PLANK 
WITH 
2" NORMAL
 WEIGHT 
CONCRETE 
TOPPING S
LAB
10" PRECA
ST PLANK 
WITH 
2" NORMAL
 WEIGHT 
CONCRETE 
TOPPING S
LAB
F
.
8
F
.
8
W
1
8
X
4
0
W
1
0
X
4
5
4
S
5
.
0
1
5
S
5
.
0
1
4
S
5
.
0
2
2
S
5
.
0
1
3
S
5
.
0
1
(
0
'
-
1
0
"
)
(
0
'
-
1
0
"
)
4
S
3
.
0
1
6
'
 
-
 
3
 
1
/
4
"
4
0
k
2
0
k
2
0
k
3
5
k
3
5
k
4
0
k
2
0
k
2
0
k
2
0
k
2
0
k
3
5
k
3
5
k
3
5
k
3
5
k
3
5
k
3
5
k
3
5
k
5
0
k
5
0
k
3
0
k
3
0
k
2
5
k
2
5
k
5
0
k
5
0
k
4
0
k
4
0
k
3
0
k
3
0
k
2
5
k
2
5
k
B
F
B
F
B
F
B
F
B
F
B
F
BF
BF
BF
BF
1
S
4
.
0
1
2
S
4
.
0
1
1
S
4
.
0
1
2
S
4
.
0
1
1
S
4
.
0
1
1
S
4
.
0
1
1
S
4
.
0
1
2
S
4
.
0
1
2
S
4
.
0
1
1
S
4
.
0
1
2
S
4
.
0
1
2
S
4
.
0
1
3
S
4
.
0
1
2
S
4
.
0
1
1
S
4
.
0
1
2
S
4
.
0
1
1
S
4
.
0
1
1
2
S
4
.
0
1
9
S
4
.
0
1
1
S
4
.
0
1
1
S
4
.
0
1
W
1
0
X
1
5
W10X15
W12X22
1
1
S
4
.
0
1
T
Y
P
.
 
@
 
C
O
L
.
P
M
:
D
R
A
W
I
N
G
 
N
O
.
P
R
O
J
E
C
T
 
N
O
R
T
H
S
C
A
L
E
:
J
O
B
.
 
N
O
.
:
MEYER DES
IGN, INC.
  ●MEYER 
ARCHITECT
S, INC.
227 EAST 
LANCASTER
 AVENUE  
●  ARDMOR
E, PA 190
03-2304
  VOICE  
●  610.64
9.8500
FAX  ●  6
10.649.85
09
EMAIL  ● 
 info @ m
eyerdesig
ninc.com
© 2021 ME
YER DESIG
N, INC ME
YER ARCHI
TECTS, IN
C ALL RIG
HTS RESER
VED
I
S
S
U
E
D
 
F
O
R
D
.
C
.
A
0
3
.
1
1
.
2
0
2
2
D
.
C
.
A
.
 
N
U
M
B
E
R
T
B
D
C
E
R
T
I
F
I
C
A
T
E
 
O
F
 
N
E
E
D
 
#
C
N
 
E
R
 
2
0
2
1
-
0
8
2
6
0
-
0
7
0
1
16
-
21
-
601
K
E
Y
 
P
L
A
N
STEVEN M.
 ANASTASI
O
PROFESSIO
NAL ENGIN
EER
N.J. REG#
 GE56181
1
/
8
"
 
=
 
1
'
-
0
"
3/12/2022
 2:01:13 
PM
CAPITOL S
ENIORS HO
USING
2
0
0
8
5
P
A
B
LEVEL 2 F
RAMING
PLAN EAST
S
1
.
0
2
B
609 EAGLE
 ROCK AVE
WEST ORAN
GE, NJ 07
052
WEST ORAN
GE TOWNSH
IP
WEST ORAN
GE
1
/
8
"
 
=
 
1
'
-
0
"
S
1
.
0
2
B
1
2
N
D
 
F
L
O
O
R
 
F
R
A
M
I
N
G
 
P
L
A
N
 
E
A
S
T
N
O
T
E
S
:
 
S
E
E
 
S
1
.
0
2
A
 
F
O
R
 
2
N
D
 
F
L
O
O
R
 
F
R
A
M
I
N
G
 
S
H
E
E
T
 
N
O
T
E
S
R
E
V
.
N
O
.
O
P
E
R
A
T
I
O
N
D
A
T
E
B
Y
I
S
S
U
E
D
 
T
O
 
D
C
A
0
3
/
1
1
/
2
0
2
2
T
F
M
VM #21
F(b)-43

===== PAGE 155 =====
3
R
D
 
F
L
O
O
R
 
F
R
A
M
I
N
G
 
S
H
E
E
T
 
N
O
T
E
S
1
.
 
T
O
P
 
O
F
 
S
E
C
O
N
D
 
F
I
N
I
S
H
E
D
 
F
L
O
O
R
 
S
L
A
B
 
E
L
E
V
A
T
I
O
N
 
+
2
2
'
-
6
"
 
A
B
O
V
E
 
S
L
A
B
 
O
N
 
G
R
A
D
E
 
E
L
E
V
A
T
I
O
N
 
0
'
-
0
"
.
 
S
E
E
 
A
R
C
H
I
T
E
C
T
U
R
A
L
 
D
R
A
W
I
N
G
S
 
F
O
R
 
S
L
A
B
 
D
E
P
R
E
S
S
I
O
N
S
,
 
S
L
O
P
E
S
,
 
S
T
E
P
S
,
 
E
T
C
.
2
.
 
T
O
P
 
O
F
 
S
T
E
E
L
 
E
L
E
V
A
T
I
O
N
 
I
S
 
+
2
2
'
-
4
"
 
U
N
L
E
S
S
 
N
O
T
E
D
 
O
T
H
E
R
W
I
S
E
.
 
E
L
E
V
A
T
I
O
N
S
 
G
I
V
E
N
 
O
N
 
P
L
A
N
 
T
H
U
S
 
(
-
X
'
-
X
"
)
 
A
R
E
 
R
E
F
E
R
E
N
C
E
D
 
T
O
 
E
L
E
V
A
T
I
O
N
 
+
2
2
'
-
4
"
.
3
.
 
T
Y
P
I
C
A
L
 
(
1
2
"
 
T
O
T
A
L
 
T
H
I
C
K
N
E
S
S
)
 
F
L
O
O
R
 
C
O
N
S
T
R
U
C
T
I
O
N
 
S
H
A
L
L
 
B
E
 
1
0
"
 
H
O
L
L
O
W
 
C
O
R
E
 
P
R
E
C
A
S
T
 
P
L
A
N
K
 
T
O
P
P
E
D
 
W
I
T
H
 
2
"
 
N
O
R
M
A
L
 
W
E
I
G
H
T
 
C
O
N
C
R
E
T
E
.
 
 
P
L
A
N
K
 
B
E
A
R
I
N
G
 
E
L
E
V
A
T
I
O
N
 
I
S
 
+
2
1
'
-
6
"
 
A
B
O
V
E
 
S
L
A
B
 
O
N
 
G
R
A
D
E
 
E
L
E
V
A
T
I
O
N
 
0
'
-
0
"
.
4
.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
I
N
D
I
C
A
T
E
S
 
S
P
A
N
 
O
F
 
P
L
A
N
K
,
 
S
E
E
 
N
O
T
E
 
T
H
R
E
E
.
5
.
 
E
D
G
E
 
O
F
 
P
L
A
N
K
 
(
E
O
P
)
 
A
L
I
G
N
S
 
W
I
T
H
 
O
U
T
S
I
D
E
 
F
A
C
E
 
O
F
 
E
X
T
.
 
W
A
L
L
 
S
T
U
D
S
,
 
U
.
N
.
O
.
 
O
N
 
P
L
A
N
.
 
 
6
.
 
T
Y
P
I
C
A
L
 
I
N
T
E
R
I
O
R
 
E
D
G
E
 
O
F
 
S
L
A
B
 
(
E
.
O
.
S
.
)
 
D
I
M
E
N
S
I
O
N
 
S
H
A
L
L
 
B
E
 
6
"
.
7
.
 
R
E
A
C
T
I
O
N
S
 
S
H
O
W
N
 
O
N
 
P
L
A
N
 
A
R
E
 
U
N
F
A
C
T
O
R
E
D
 
S
E
R
V
I
C
E
 
R
E
A
C
T
I
O
N
S
.
 
F
A
B
R
I
C
A
T
O
R
 
T
O
 
P
R
O
V
I
D
E
 
C
O
N
N
E
C
T
I
O
N
S
 
F
O
R
 
T
H
E
 
R
E
A
C
T
I
O
N
S
 
S
H
O
W
N
 
O
N
 
P
L
A
N
 
O
R
 
1
/
2
 
O
F
 
T
H
E
 
M
A
X
I
M
U
M
 
U
N
I
F
O
R
M
 
L
O
A
D
 
C
A
R
R
Y
I
N
G
 
C
A
P
A
C
I
T
Y
 
O
F
 
T
H
E
 
B
E
A
M
,
 
W
H
I
C
H
E
V
E
R
 
I
S
 
G
R
E
A
T
E
R
.
 
R
E
F
E
R
 
T
O
 
G
E
N
E
R
A
L
 
N
O
T
E
S
 
 
F
O
R
 
B
E
A
M
/
C
O
L
U
M
N
 
C
O
N
N
E
C
T
I
O
N
S
.
.
8
.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
I
N
D
I
C
A
T
E
S
 
G
R
A
V
I
T
Y
 
M
O
M
E
N
T
 
C
O
N
N
E
C
T
I
O
N
 
D
E
S
I
G
N
 
T
O
 
D
E
V
E
L
O
P
 
T
H
E
 
I
N
D
I
C
A
T
E
D
 
S
E
R
V
I
C
E
 
M
O
M
E
N
T
.
1
1
1
.
1
1
.
1
1
.
8
1
.
8
2
2
.
4
2
.
4
2
.
8
2
.
8
3
3
3
.
2
3
.
2
4
4
3
.
5
3
.
5
3
.
8
3
.
8
5
5
6
.
5
6
.
5
7
.
4
7
.
4
6
.
6
6
.
6
7
7
6
.
3
6
.
3
6
.
7
6
.
7
7
.
2
7
.
2
8
8
8
.
1
8
.
1
8
.
7
8
.
7
8
.
5
8
.
5
8
.
8
8
.
8
9
9
1
0
.
1
1
0
.
1
1
0
1
0
9
.
4
9
.
4
1
1
1
1
1
0
.
7
1
0
.
7
1
0
.
5
1
0
.
5
1
1
.
1
1
1
.
1
1
2
1
2
C
C
B
.
1
B
.
1
C
.
8
C
.
8
D
.
6
D
.
6
D
D
E
E
F
F
F
.
3
F
.
3
H
H
G
G
.
5
H
.
4
I
.
2
I
.
2
I
.
1
I
.
1
I
I
K
K
J
J
J
.
2
J
.
2
L
L
K
.
9
K
.
9
K
.
8
K
.
8
J
.
3
J
.
3
G
.
3
G
.
3
I
.
4
I
.
4
H
.
8
H
.
8
B
B
6
6
F
.
5
F
.
5
A
A
10" PRECA
ST PLANK 
WITH 
2" NORMAL
 WEIGHT 
CONCRETE 
TOPPING S
LAB
10" PRECA
ST PLANK 
WITH 
2" NORMAL
 WEIGHT 
CONCRETE 
TOPPING S
LAB
10" PRECA
ST PLANK 
WITH 
2" NORMAL
 WEIGHT 
CONCRETE 
TOPPING S
LAB
10" PRECA
ST PLANK 
WITH 
2" NORMAL
 WEIGHT 
CONCRETE 
TOPPING S
LAB
10" PRECA
ST PLANK 
WITH 
2" NORMAL
 WEIGHT 
CONCRETE 
TOPPING S
LAB
10" PRECA
ST PLANK 
WITH 
2" NORMAL
 WEIGHT 
CONCRETE 
TOPPING S
LAB
W
1
0
X
2
2
W12X22
W
1
0
X
3
0
W
1
0
X
2
2
W
1
8
X
7
1
W12X22
W
1
8
X
6
5
W
1
6
X
3
1
HSS10X4X3
/8
W
1
0
X
2
6
W10X15
W10X22
W
1
8
X
5
5
W
1
0
X
3
9
W10X15
W
1
0
X
2
2
W10X45
W
1
0
X
4
5
W
1
0
X
2
6
W10X19
W
1
0
X
2
2
W
1
8
X
3
5
W
1
8
X
6
5
W
1
0
X
4
9
W
1
0
X
2
2
W10X15
W10X15
W
1
0
X
2
6
W
1
0
X
1
5
W
1
0
X
2
6
W
1
0
X
3
9
W
1
8
X
4
0
W
1
8
X
6
0
W
1
8
X
5
0
W
1
6
X
2
6
W
1
6
X
2
6
W
1
0
X
2
2
H
S
S
1
0
X
4
X
3
/
8
W
1
6
X
2
6
W
1
8
X
4
0
W
1
0
X
2
2
W
1
8
X
4
6
W
1
8
X
3
5
W10X26
W10X15
W10X15
W10X19
W16X67
W10X15
W12X22
W10X15 W10
X15 W10X15
W10X15
W
1
0
X
3
0
H
S
S
1
6
X
4
X
1
/
4
H
S
S
1
6
X
4
X
1
/
4
H
S
S
1
6
X
4
X
1
/
4
E
L
E
V
A
T
O
R
 
G
U
I
D
E
 
R
A
I
L
 
P
O
S
T
S
,
 
T
Y
P
.
 
O
F
 
F
I
V
E
.
 
C
O
O
R
D
.
 
W
I
T
H
 
E
L
E
V
 
M
F
G
 
F
O
R
 
L
O
C
A
T
I
O
N
S
W
1
8
X
3
5
H
S
S
1
0
X
2
X
1
/
4
H
S
S
1
0
X
2
X
1
/
4
H
S
S
1
0
X
2
X
1
/
4
W10X26
W10X26
W10X26
W10X26
F
.
6
F
.
6
F
.
8
F
.
8
6
.
2
6
.
2
B
.
9
B
.
9
6
.
8
6
.
8
P
O
S
T
-
U
P
 
F
R
O
M
 
3
R
D
 
F
L
O
O
R
 
T
O
 
R
O
O
F
6
.
9
6
.
9
C
O
L
U
M
N
 
S
T
O
P
S
 
A
T
 
S
U
P
P
O
R
T
E
D
 
F
L
O
O
R
,
 
S
E
E
 
T
Y
P
.
 
D
E
T
A
I
L
W
1
6
X
3
1
4
.
3
4
.
3
5
.
5
5
.
5
W
1
0
x
2
2
 
O
U
T
R
I
G
G
E
R
 
(
-
0
'
-
1
0
"
)
W
1
0
x
2
2
 
O
U
T
R
I
G
G
E
R
 
(
-
0
-
1
0
"
)
P
C
.
1
P
C
.
2
P
C
.
D
P
C
.
A
P
C
.
E
P
C
.
4
1
S
5
.
0
1
4
S
5
.
0
1
1
S
5
.
0
2
2
S
5
.
0
2
6
S
5
.
0
1
3
S
5
.
0
2
H
S
S
4
X
4
X
1
/
4
C
O
L
U
M
N
 
S
T
O
P
S
 
A
T
 
S
U
P
P
O
R
T
E
D
 
F
L
O
O
R
(
-
0
'
-
1
0
"
)
(
-
0
'
-
1
0
"
)
(
-
0
'
-
1
0
"
)
(
-
0
'
-
1
0
"
)
(
-
0
'
-
1
0
"
)
(
-
0
'
-
1
0
"
)
(
-
0
'
-
1
0
"
)
(
-
0
'
-
1
0
"
)
(
-
0
'
-
1
0
"
)
(
-
0
'
-
1
0
"
)
1
S
4
.
0
1
2
S
4
.
0
1
W10X26
P
C
.
3
P
C
.
B
P
C
.
C
HSS4X4X1/
4
H
S
S
8
X
4
X
1
/
4
H
S
S
6
X
4
X
1
/
4
(
-
0'
-
10")
(
-
0
'
-
1
0
"
)
(
-
0
'
-
1
0
"
)
1
0
S
4
.
0
2
C
O
L
U
M
N
 
S
T
O
P
S
 
A
T
 
S
U
P
P
O
R
T
E
D
 
F
L
O
O
R
W10X15
9
'
 
-
 
0
 
7
/
8
"
7
'
 
-
 
1
 
7
/
8
"
7
'
 
-
 
1
 
7
/
8
"
8
'
 
-
 
1
1
 
3
/
8
"
W10X15
(
-
0'
-
3")
(
-
0
'
-
3
"
)
(
-
0
'
-
3
"
)
(
-
0
'
-
3
"
)
(
-
0'
-
3")
(
-
0'
-
3")
(
-
0'
-
3")
(
-
0'
-
3")
2
"
-
2
0
 
G
A
U
G
E
 
C
O
M
P
O
S
I
T
E
 
F
L
O
O
R
 
D
E
C
K
 
W
/
 
3
"
 
T
O
P
P
I
N
G
 
S
L
A
B
.
 
S
L
O
P
E
 
T
.
O
.
 
C
O
N
C
.
 
T
O
 
D
R
A
I
N
S
,
 
S
E
E
 
A
R
C
H
.
2
 
1
/
2
"
 
T
R
E
N
C
H
 
D
R
A
I
N
S
,
 
S
E
E
 
M
E
C
H
.
 
D
W
G
S
.
S
M
O
K
E
 
E
V
A
C
 
C
U
R
T
A
I
N
S
 
@
 
A
T
R
I
U
M
,
 
2
6
 
P
L
F
.
 
S
E
E
 
A
R
C
H
.
 
D
W
G
S
.
 
F
O
R
 
D
E
T
A
I
L
S
8
S
4
.
0
2
6
'
 
-
 
3
 
1
/
4
"
6
'
 
-
 
5
 
1
/
2
"
7' - 9 5/
8"
7
S
4
.
0
2
W
1
0
X
1
5
W
1
0
X
1
5
10" PRECA
ST PLANK 
WITH 
2" NORMAL
 WEIGHT 
CONCRETE 
TOPPING S
LAB
10" PRECA
ST PLANK 
WITH 
2" NORMAL
 WEIGHT 
CONCRETE 
TOPPING S
LAB
10" BARE 
PRECAST P
LANK, 
NO TOPPIN
G SLAB, A
ND 
WITH BALL
ASTED ROO
F
5
5
k
5
5
k
4
0
k
5
5
k
4
5
k
55k
45k
5
5
k
4
0
k
3
5
k
3
0
k
3
0
k
3
0
k
3
0
k
4
0
k
4
0
k
2
0
k
2
0
k
2
0
k
2
5
k
3
0
k
4
0
k
2
5
k
2
0
k
2
0
k
2
0
k
2
5
k
2
5
k
6
5
k
7
0
k
2
5
k
2
5
k
4
0
k
2
5
k
2
5
k
2
5
k
2
5
k
2
5
k
2
0
k
2
0
k
6
0
k
6
0
k
4
5
k
4
5
k
7
0
k
7
0
k
5
0
k
5
5
k
3
0
k
3
0
k
2
0
k
2
0
k
20k
3
5
k
3
5
k
3
5
k
3
5
k
3
5
k
3
0
k
3
5
k
3
0
k
2
0
k
2
0
k
3
0
k
3
0
k
2
5
k
3
0
k
2
5
k
3
0
k
2
0
k
4
0
k
25 ft
-
k
30 ft
-
k
B
F
B
F
B
F
B
F
BF
BF
BF
BF
BF
BF
C
O
N
T
.
6
S
4
.
0
2
EOP
1' - 3 1/
4"
W
A
L
L
 
B
E
L
O
W
EOP
1' - 3 1/
4"
W10X30
(
-
0'
-
10")
0
'
 
-
 
0
 
1
/
2
"
W12X22
9
S
4
.
0
1
1
6
S
4
.
0
1
9
S
4
.
0
1
9
S
4
.
0
1
1
S
4
.
0
1
2
S
4
.
0
1
2
S
4
.
0
1
1
S
4
.
0
1
1
S
4
.
0
1
1
0
S
4
.
0
2
1
5
S
4
.
0
1
1
5
S
4
.
0
1
1
4
S
4
.
0
1
1
5
S
4
.
0
1
1
4
S
4
.
0
1
1
5
S
4
.
0
1
1
4
S
4
.
0
1
1
5
S
4
.
0
1
1
5
S
4
.
0
1
1
4
S
4
.
0
1
1
5
S
4
.
0
1
4
S
4
.
0
1
4
S
4
.
0
1
P
M
:
D
R
A
W
I
N
G
 
N
O
.
P
R
O
J
E
C
T
 
N
O
R
T
H
S
C
A
L
E
:
J
O
B
.
 
N
O
.
:
MEYER DES
IGN, INC.
  ●MEYER 
ARCHITECT
S, INC.
227 EAST 
LANCASTER
 AVENUE  
●  ARDMOR
E, PA 190
03-2304
  VOICE  
●  610.64
9.8500
FAX  ●  6
10.649.85
09
EMAIL  ● 
 info @ m
eyerdesig
ninc.com
© 2021 ME
YER DESIG
N, INC ME
YER ARCHI
TECTS, IN
C ALL RIG
HTS RESER
VED
I
S
S
U
E
D
 
F
O
R
D
.
C
.
A
0
3
.
1
1
.
2
0
2
2
D
.
C
.
A
.
 
N
U
M
B
E
R
T
B
D
C
E
R
T
I
F
I
C
A
T
E
 
O
F
 
N
E
E
D
 
#
C
N
 
E
R
 
2
0
2
1
-
0
8
2
6
0
-
0
7
0
1
16
-
21
-
601
K
E
Y
 
P
L
A
N
STEVEN M.
 ANASTASI
O
PROFESSIO
NAL ENGIN
EER
N.J. REG#
 GE56181
A
s
 
i
n
d
i
c
a
t
e
d
3/12/2022
 2:01:17 
PM
CAPITOL S
ENIORS HO
USING
2
0
0
8
5
P
A
B
LEVEL 3 F
RAMING
PLAN WEST
S
1
.
0
3
A
609 EAGLE
 ROCK AVE
WEST ORAN
GE, NJ 07
052
WEST ORAN
GE TOWNSH
IP
WEST ORAN
GE
1
/
8
"
 
=
 
1
'
-
0
"
S
1
.
0
3
A
1
3
R
D
 
F
L
O
O
R
 
F
R
A
M
I
N
G
 
P
L
A
N
 
W
E
S
T
R
E
V
.
N
O
.
O
P
E
R
A
T
I
O
N
D
A
T
E
B
Y
I
S
S
U
E
D
 
T
O
 
D
C
A
0
3
/
1
1
/
2
0
2
2
T
F
M
VM #21
F(b)-44

===== PAGE 156 =====
1
2
1
2
1
3
1
3
1
3
.
3
1
3
.
3
1
3
.
8
1
3
.
8
1
4
.
4
1
4
.
4
1
5
.
3
1
5
.
3
1
6
.
2
1
6
.
2
1
4
1
4
1
5
1
5
1
5
.
5
1
5
.
5
1
6
1
6
1
7
1
7
1
8
1
8
C
C
B
.
1
B
.
1
C
.
8
C
.
8
D
.
6
D
.
6
D
D
E
E
F
F
H
H
K
K
J
J
J
.
2
J
.
2
L
L
K
.
9
K
.
9
K
.
8
K
.
8
J
.
3
J
.
3
G
.
3
G
.
3
F
.
5
F
.
5
A
A
10" PRECA
ST PLANK 
WITH 
2" NORMAL
 WEIGHT 
CONCRETE 
TOPPING S
LAB
10" PRECA
ST PLANK 
WITH 
2" NORMAL
 WEIGHT 
CONCRETE 
TOPPING S
LAB
10" PRECA
ST PLANK 
WITH 
2" NORMAL
 WEIGHT 
CONCRETE 
TOPPING S
LAB
10" PRECA
ST PLANK 
WITH 
2" NORMAL
 WEIGHT 
CONCRETE 
TOPPING S
LAB
10" PRECA
ST PLANK 
WITH 
2" NORMAL
 WEIGHT 
CONCRETE 
TOPPING S
LAB
W
1
0
X
2
2
W
1
8
X
3
5
W
2
1
X
4
4
W
1
6
X
3
1
W
1
0
X
2
2
W
1
0
X
3
9
W
1
0
X
4
5
W
1
0
X
3
9
W
1
0
X
2
2
W
1
8
X
7
1
W
1
0
X
2
2
W
2
1
X
4
4
W
1
0
X
2
2
W
1
0
X
2
2
W
1
8
X
5
5
W
1
0
X
2
2
W10X45
W10X45
W12X22
F
.
8
F
.
8
W
1
0
X
4
5
W
1
8
X
4
0
4
S
5
.
0
1
5
S
5
.
0
1
4
S
5
.
0
2
2
S
5
.
0
1
3
S
5
.
0
1
(
0
'
-
1
0
"
)
(
0
'
-
1
0
"
)
6
'
 
-
 
3
 
1
/
4
"
5
0
k
5
0
k
3
0
k
3
0
k
2
5
k
2
5
k
5
0
k
5
0
k
4
0
k
4
0
k
3
0
k
3
0
k
2
5
k
2
5
k
2
0
k
2
0
k
3
5
k
3
5
k
4
0
k
2
0
k
2
0
k
2
0
k
2
0
k
3
5
k
3
5
k
3
5
k
3
5
k
3
5
k
3
5
k
3
5
k
4
0
k
B
F
B
F
B
F
B
F
B
F
B
F
BF
BF
BF
BF
W
1
0
X
1
5
W10X15
W12X22
1
S
4
.
0
1
2
S
4
.
0
1
1
S
4
.
0
1
2
S
4
.
0
1
1
S
4
.
0
1
1
0
S
4
.
0
2
1
0
S
4
.
0
2
1
0
S
4
.
0
2
1
0
S
4
.
0
2
1
5
S
4
.
0
1
1
4
S
4
.
0
1
1
5
S
4
.
0
1
1
4
S
4
.
0
1
1
5
S
4
.
0
1
1
5
S
4
.
0
1
1
4
S
4
.
0
1
1
5
S
4
.
0
1
P
M
:
D
R
A
W
I
N
G
 
N
O
.
P
R
O
J
E
C
T
 
N
O
R
T
H
S
C
A
L
E
:
J
O
B
.
 
N
O
.
:
MEYER DES
IGN, INC.
  ●MEYER 
ARCHITECT
S, INC.
227 EAST 
LANCASTER
 AVENUE  
●  ARDMOR
E, PA 190
03-2304
  VOICE  
●  610.64
9.8500
FAX  ●  6
10.649.85
09
EMAIL  ● 
 info @ m
eyerdesig
ninc.com
© 2021 ME
YER DESIG
N, INC ME
YER ARCHI
TECTS, IN
C ALL RIG
HTS RESER
VED
I
S
S
U
E
D
 
F
O
R
D
.
C
.
A
0
3
.
1
1
.
2
0
2
2
D
.
C
.
A
.
 
N
U
M
B
E
R
T
B
D
C
E
R
T
I
F
I
C
A
T
E
 
O
F
 
N
E
E
D
 
#
C
N
 
E
R
 
2
0
2
1
-
0
8
2
6
0
-
0
7
0
1
16
-
21
-
601
K
E
Y
 
P
L
A
N
STEVEN M.
 ANASTASI
O
PROFESSIO
NAL ENGIN
EER
N.J. REG#
 GE56181
1
/
8
"
 
=
 
1
'
-
0
"
3/12/2022
 2:01:20 
PM
CAPITOL S
ENIORS HO
USING
2
0
0
8
5
P
A
B
LEVEL 3 F
RAMING
PLAN EAST
S
1
.
0
3
B
609 EAGLE
 ROCK AVE
WEST ORAN
GE, NJ 07
052
WEST ORAN
GE TOWNSH
IP
WEST ORAN
GE
1
/
8
"
 
=
 
1
'
-
0
"
S
1
.
0
3
B
1
3
R
D
 
F
L
O
O
R
 
F
R
A
M
I
N
G
 
P
L
A
N
 
E
A
S
T
N
O
T
E
S
:
 
S
E
E
 
S
1
.
0
3
A
 
F
O
R
 
3
R
D
 
F
L
O
O
R
 
F
R
A
M
I
N
G
 
S
H
E
E
T
 
N
O
T
E
S
R
E
V
.
N
O
.
O
P
E
R
A
T
I
O
N
D
A
T
E
B
Y
I
S
S
U
E
D
 
T
O
 
D
C
A
0
3
/
1
1
/
2
0
2
2
T
F
M
VM #21
F(b)-45

===== PAGE 157 =====
1ST FLR 
0" 
T.O. HIGH ROOF 
37' - 10" 
2ND FLR 
11' - 8" 
B.O. TRUSS 
32' - 6" 
3RD FLR 
22' - 6" 
A2 A2 
B2 B2 
C2 C2 
A2 A2 A2 
C2 C2 
B2 B2 B2 B1 B2 B2 
3D 
3C 3C 4A 
5A.1 8E 3A 
TYP. 
3A 
TYP. 
8A 
1C 1A 9L 9L 
5D 
5E 
7B 
7A 
5I 
5A.1 
C1 C1 
1A 1C 1C 1B 1B 
5A.2 
8G 
5F 
TYP. 
1ST03.2 
T.O. LOW ROOF 
36' - 4" 
C2 C2 C2 C2 C1 C2 
B3 
C3 
5D 5D 5D 5D 3A 
TYP. 
5F 
A2 A2 
B1 B2 B2 B1 
5I 
5E 
2C 
5E 
1/A3.13 1/A3.12 5/A3.13 SEE WALL SECTION 
1ST FLR 
0" 
T.O. HIGH ROOF 
37' - 10" 
2ND FLR 
11' - 8" 
B.O. TRUSS 
32' - 6" 
3RD FLR 
22' - 6" 
1ST03.2 
1031.2 1029.2 
1021.2 1019 
A2 
B2 B3 B2 
C2 C3 C3 C2 
LVR2 
LVR2 
1A 
5A.2 
1A 1A 4A 4A 4A 4C 4C 6B 9L 
5D 
5E 
7B 
9L 5I 5J 5E 5F 
3A 
TYP. 
3A 
TYP. 
3C 2C 1C 
5F 
TYP. 
5C 5C 9E 9E 9E 9E 9E 1C 5I 1C 
SEE ELEVATION 2A/A2.12 FOR AL DINING PATIO BEHIND T HE TRELLIS 
9C 9C 
5E 5E 
5I 1C 
T.O. LOW ROOF 
36' - 4" 
15' - 8" 12' - 4" 13' - 0" 14' - 0" 
9' - 0" 
1C 
B2 B3 
C3 C2 C2 C3 C2 C2 C3 C2 C2 C2 C2 C3 C2 
B2 B3 B2 B2 B2 B2 B2 B2 
A2 A3 
B3 B3 
A3 
B2 
A2 
5A.1 5A.2 5A.1 5A.2 5A.1 5A.2 5A.1 5D 5D 5D 8E 8A 
5A.1 5A.1 5D 5A.1 
4/A3.12 2/A3.13 1/A3.12 5/A3.13 6/A3.13 2/A3.14 
A2 
3C 
SEE WALL SECTION 
1ST FLR 
0" 
T.O. HIGH ROOF 
37' - 10" 
2ND FLR 
11' - 8" 
B.O. TRUSS 
32' - 6" 
3RD FLR 
22' - 6" 
9C 9C 9C 9C 
1021.2 1019 
A2 
T.O. LOW ROOF 
36' - 4" 
B2 
C2 C2 
B2 B2 
C2 C3 
B3 B2 
C2 
2/A3.14 SEE WALL SECTION 
A2 
PM 
P 
SC 
JO 
 
 
 
C 
1/8" = 1'-0" A2.12 
1 NORTH ELEVATION - EAST WING 
1/8" = 1'-0" A2.12 
2 NORTH ELEVATION - WEST WING 
1/8" = 1'-0" A2.12 
3 EAST ELEVATION 
1/8" = 1'-0" A2.12 
2A NORTH ELEVATION - WEST WING - AL DINING PATIO 
REV 
NO. 
 
 
 
Roof
3,451.3 sf
Roof
2,447.09 sf
Roof
619.63 sf
VM #26
F(b)-46

===== PAGE 158 =====
VM #28
F(b)-47

===== PAGE 159 =====
VM #29
Modern Flames
Redstone Series
Simplifire
 Built In Electric
F(b)-48

===== PAGE 160 =====
Capital Senior Housing, West Orange, NJ 08/18/22
General Conditions
STAFFING 
Superintendent Full time on site. $375,293
Assistant Superintendent Full time on site during finishes. $96,390
Project Manager Field & office  as necessary. $401,770
Assistant Project Manager Field & office  as necessary. $43,009
Contract Manager Field & office  as necessary. $94,475
Administrative Assistant Part time in office. $58,250
Project Accountant Part time in office. $49,266
Safety Associate Field & office  as necessary. $19,110
MEP Coordinator Field & office  as necessary. $18,291
Staffing : $1,155,854
EXPENSES
Travel Expenses $75,450
Superintendent $37,215
Assistant Superintendent $15,653
Project Manager $7,897
Contract Manager $7,897
Safety Associate $6,788
Temporary Construction Office Requirements $48,917
Office Trailer Rental $12,776
 Deliver/Set-Up $1,542
 Fit-up $1,000
Potable Water $750
Supplies $750
Computer Equipment & Setup $7,300
Computer Link Services $3,000
Software Program $26,400
Temporary Sanitary Facilities $7,500
Construction Signage & Safety Supplies $7,700
Safety Equipment & Supplies $3,000
Fire Extinguishers $1,200
Temporary Project Signage $3,500
Reprographic Services $7,962
Telephone, Postage & Expressage $4,593
Telephone $3,000
Postage/Expressage $1,593
Miscellaneous Repairs, Tools & Equipment $7,500
Expenses: $159,622
General Conditions Staffing And Expenses: $1,320,077
General Conditions Contingency: $150,000
General Conditions Total: $1,470,077
H-1
EXHIBIT H
*Reference Exhibit B for General Conditions and General Requirements qualifications

===== PAGE 161 =====
Capital Senior Housing, West Orange, NJ 09/30/22
General Requirements Included In Trades
TEMPORARY CONSTRUCTION AIDS
Shared Lull ( trash removal / material loading ) $28,000
Temporary Stairs/ Rails $9,000
Temporary  Doors ( loading / entrances/ stairs/ MEP rooms ) $10,500
C Box - Storage Containers $1,800
TEMPORARY CONSTRUCTION AIDS: $49,300
 TEMPORARY BARRIERS & PROTECTION
Elevator Frame / Surround  Protection $3,000
Temporary Protection - Units $26,449
Temp floor protection - Amenity/ Circulation $25,528
 TEMPORARY BARRIERS & PROTECTION: $54,977
FIELD ENGINEERING / LAYOUT
Control Points / General Layout- 1st, 2nd & 3rd Floors $15,120
FIELD ENGINEERING / LAYOUT: $15,120
CLEANING & WASTE MANAGEMENT
Ongoing Cleanup Labor $65,249
Final Cleanup $71,600
Dumpsters $62,550
CLEANING & WASTE MANAGEMENT: $199,399
H-2
*Reference Exhibit B for General Conditions and General Requirements qualifications

===== PAGE 162 =====
Date: April 20, 2023 
Rev: 8
CSI Description Trade Value  Notes 
02 41 00 Demolition w/ Site 
03 30 00 Cast-in-place Concrete 844,431 $                               
03 41 00 Precast Concrete 722,897 $                               
04 20 00 Stone Veneer 258,086 $                               
05 12 00 Structural Steel 654,544 $                               
05 50 00 Misc. Metal Fabrications 118,590 $                               
06 17 00 Prefabricated Wood Trusses / Structural Lumber 266,997 $                               
06 20 00 Finish Carpentry & Millwork 1,018,316 $                            
07 10 00 Waterproofing 14,201 $                                  
07 46 00 Siding 579,192 $                               
07 50 00 Roofing 600,086 $                               
07 81 00 Spray Fireproofing 35,287 $                                  
07 92 00 Joint Sealants 38,738 $                                  
08 10 00 Doors, Frames, & Hardware 541,120 $                               
08 50 00 Windows 235,235 $                               
08 80 00 Glass, Glazing, & Aluminum Entrances 87,521 $                                  
08 35 00 Fire Curtains / Shutters 148,854 $                               
09 29 00 Drywall 4,687,097 $                            
09 30 00 Tile 251,109 $                               
09 60 00 Flooring (Carpet/Resilient) 472,669 $                               
09 91 00 Paints and Coatings 268,807 $                               
10 28 13 Division 10 Specialties 307,200 $                               
11 00 00 Commercial Laundry Equip & Residential Appliances 150,241 $                               
11 40 00 Food Service Equipment 548,332 $                               
12 20 00 Window Treatments 31,075 $                                  
12 32 00 Manufactured Casework 338,256 $                               
14 21 00 Elevators 266,828 $                               
21 00 00 Fire Protection 254,768 $                               
22 00 00 Plumbing 1,661,768 $                            
23 00 00 HVAC 3,118,301 $                            
26 00 00 Electrical 3,371,355 $                            
31 00 00 Sitework 1,827,521 $                            
32 31 00 Fencing & Guiderail 88,752 $                                  
32 90 00 Landscaping 312,773 $                               
01 53 00 Temporary Construction / Construction Aids 49,300 $                                  
01 56 00 Temporary Barriers and Protection 54,977 $                                  
01 71 23 Field Engineering / Layout 15,120 $                                  
01 74 00 Cleaning and Waste Management 199,399 $                               
ALW Owner Directed Allowance(s) 1,202,375 $                            
ALW Value Management Target Allowances (644,492) $                              
Contingency 499,952 $                               
Trades Sub-total 25,497,575 $                       
Builder's Risk Insurance 101,193 $                               
Testing & Inspections By Owner 
General Conditions 1,470,077 $                            
Permit Allowance By Owner 
CM Insurance 254,976 $                               
P&P Bond 172,140 $                               
IMC Fee 756,139 $                               
Grand Total 28,252,100 $                       
Capitol Seniors Housing 
B21.123 / CSH West Orange / West Orange, NJ 
Summary 
NOTE: THIS GMP INCLUDES ESTIMATE CREDITS (IDENTIFIED AS TARGETS ABOVE).  IF TARGET SAVINGS ARE NOT ACHIEVED, THE OWNER WILL EXECUTE AN 
ADD CHANGE ORDER TO IMC FOR THE INCREASE OVER AND ABOVE THE TARGET NUMBER. 
Owner Bidform / Schedule of Values Page 1 of 1 
EXHIBIT I

===== PAGE 163 =====
EXHIBIT J 
 
INSURANCE REQUIREMENTS 
 
 
1. COVERAGE AND LIMITS TO BE PROVIDED BY CO NTRACTOR: Prior to the 
commencement of any of the Work, Contractor shall maintain, and require that all Subcontractors, 
Sub-subcontractors, and suppliers (of any tier), through the terms and provisions of any such Contracts 
or Subcontracts, maintain appropriate levels of insurance including the minimum coverages and limits 
identified herein for the duration of the Project and as required after completion. 
 
Owner reserves the right in its sole discretion to reject; withhold permission to enter the Project site 
and/or commence work; suspend work; or terminate for cause any Contractor, Subcontractor, or Sub-
subcontractor (of any tier) for failure to satisfy the insurance requirements herein or failure to comply 
with the provisions of the Contract Documents including the General Conditions and Exhibits. 
 
Contractor shall secure and keep in full force and effect, and shall cause its Subcontractors and Sub -
subcontractors (of every tier) to secure and keep in full force and effect, throughout the term of this 
Agreement, commencing with the earlier of commencement of work or access to the Project Site, and 
continuing through completion of performance of the work and for a specified period of time thereafter 
as provided in this Article, with terms and conditions as specified, the following coverages at the 
Contractor’s sole cost and expense: 
 
A. Commercial/Business Automobile Liability Insurance .  Such insurance shall be written on a 
current ISO form CA 00 01 and cover all owned, non-owned, and hired vehicles used in connection 
with the Work, and provide limits of at least $1,000,000 per accident for bodily injury and property 
damage.  The required limit may be met with any combination of primary and Excess/Umbrella 
coverage. 
i. Should any covered automobile be used to transport hazardous materials, the operator the 
automobile shall provide FMCSA Form MCS 90, and the applicable policy shall be 
endorsed with ISO form CA 99 48. 
ii. The policies must be further endorsed to: 
1) Name the Owner and the parties listed below  (individually, an “Owner 
Party” and collectively, the “Owner Parties”), as additional insureds; 
2) Stipulate that such insurance is primary and is not contributing with, any 
other insurance carried by, or for the benefit of the additional insureds; 
3) Waive any and all rights of subrogation against the Owner Parties; and 
4) Include, when required by the Motor Carrier Act of 1980, a MCS -90 
endorsement applicable to liability arising out of the transportation of hazardous 
materials or waste. 
B. Workers’ Compensation (including but not limited to coverage or endorsements for Occupational 
Disease Benefits, Voluntary Compensation and Disability benefits, Jones A ct and U.S. 
Longshoremen's and Harbor Worker's Act, if applicable) – Statutory Workers’ Compensation and 
Employer’s Liability with limits of no less than $1,000,000 each accident for bodily injury by 
accident; $1,000,000 policy limit for both bodily injury  by disease; and $1,000,000 each employee 
J-1

===== PAGE 164 =====
for bodily injury by disease.  Such policy must be further endorsed to  waive any and all rights of 
subrogation against the Owner Parties. 
 
C. Commercial General Liability Insurance .  Commercial General Liability insurance with the 
following limits of liability: 
 
Each Occurrence Limit:  $1,000,000.00 
Personal/Advertising Injury Aggregate:  $2,000,000.00 
Annual General Aggregate:  $2,000,000.00 
Products/Completed Operations Aggregate: $2,000,000.00 
 
This insurance shall be broad form and written on a current ISO CG 00 01 “Occurrence” Form and 
coverage shall apply to any and all claims arising out of bodily injury, property damage, premises 
and operations, products and comple ted operations, independent contractors, personal and 
advertising injury, and contractual liability. These limits should apply based upon a per project and/or 
per location basis, and the General Aggregate Limit shall reinstate annually.  Such policy(ies) m ust 
be further endorsed to:  
1) Include the Owner Parties as additional insureds for both ongoing and completed operations 
work. General liability coverage shall be endorsed using ISO additional insured forms CG 20 10 
07 04 and CG 20 37 07 04 or equivalent sp ecifically listing the Owner Parties as additional 
insureds.  
2) Stipulate that such insurance is primary and non -contributory and will not seek contribution 
from any other insurance carried by, or for the benefit of the additional insureds, including all 
applicable deductibles or retentions; 
3) Waive any and all rights of subrogation against all of the Owner Parties;  
4) Contain cross liability and severability of interest endorsements, and a separation of insureds 
provision acceptable to the Owner; 
5) Provide products and completed operations coverage, extending for a period of not less than the 
later to occur of (i) ten (10) years after final completion of the entire Work or (ii) the applicable 
statute of repose for the jurisdiction where the Work is located.  Additional insured status for the 
Owner Parties shall be provided during construction of the project through the Completed 
Operations Period of a period not less than the later to occur of (i) ten (10) years after the final 
completion of the entire Work or (ii) the applicable statute of repose for the jurisdiction where 
the Work is located; 
6) Provide personal injury coverage including, but not limited to, false arrest, detention or 
imprisonment or malicious prosecution; libel, slander or defam ation of character, invasion of 
privacy, wrongful eviction or wrongful entry, harassment of any kind and discrimination; 
7) Provide $1,000,000 broad form contractual liability per occurrence coverage; 
8) Provide coverage for residential construction operations. General liability policies containing 
exclusions for residential construction, or an exclusion for residential apartment construction, are 
not acceptable to project owner;   
J-2

===== PAGE 165 =====
9) Provide for hostile fire coverage and fire legal liability coverage; 
10) Provide for coverage for certified acts of domestic terrorism; 
11) Provide for minimum of $100,000 elevator collision coverage; and 
12) Provide for a deductible of no greater than $5,000 per claim unless higher amounts are 
approved by Owner in writing prior to commencement of Work. 
13) Contactor is required to notify the Owner Parties of any claim or claims that erode the available 
aggregate limit by fifty percent (50%) or more. Owner Parties reserve the ability to require 
contractor to purchase additional coverage limits to restore the available limit of insurance to the 
amounts required in this Exhibit and/or the Contract Documents. 
 
D. Excess and/or Umbrella Liability. Contractor, Subcontractors and Sub-subcontractors (of every 
tier) shall provide excess liability limits in the form of an umbrella or excess liability policy, with 
coverage at least as broad as the Commercial/Business Automobile Liability, Employers Liability, 
and Commercial General Liability insurance required herein.  Contractor may satisfy the limits of 
liability required herein with a combination of primary, umbrella, and/or excess policies of 
insurance where applicable, provided that such policies comply with all of the provisions herein.  
All such policies shall include a duty to defend additional insureds and shall state that the coverage 
afforded to the additional insureds is primary and non-contributory to any other insurance, 
including self-insurance, maintained by the additional insureds, whether such other insurance be 
primary, excess or on any other basis.  Such excess insurance shall be maintained for a period of not 
less than ten (10) years beyond Substantial Completion of the entire Project, or the applicable 
statute of repose for the jurisdiction where the Work is located, whichever is longer; 
 . 
i. Umbrella Excess Liability with limits of no less than $15,000,000 each occurrence and 
$15,000,000 aggregate providing following form excess over the General Liability, 
Automotive Liability and Employer’s Liability p olicies described above.  This insurance 
shall by its following form excess provisions or endorsement:  
1) Protect the Owner Parties as additional insureds for both ongoing and completed 
operations of Contractor; 
2) Stipulate that such insurance is primary to and is not contributing with any other 
insurance carried by, or for the benefit of the additional insureds; 
3) Waive any and all rights of subrogation against all Owner Parties; and 
4) Provide products and completed operations liability coverage, extending for a p eriod 
not less than the later to occur of (i) ten (10) years after final completion of the entire 
Work or (ii) the applicable statute of repose for the jurisdiction where the Work is 
located. Additional insured status for the Owner Parties shall be provide d during 
construction of the project and through the Completed Operations Period of a period 
not less than the later to occur of (i) ten (10) years after final completion of the entire 
Work or (ii) the applicable statute of repose for the jurisdiction wher e the Work is  
located. 
5) Contactor is required to notify the Owner Parties of any claim or claims that erode the 
available aggregate limit by fifty percent (50%) or more. Owner Parties reserve the 
J-3

===== PAGE 166 =====
ability to require contractor to purchase additional coverage limits to restore the 
available limit of insurance to the amounts required in this Exhibit and/or the Contract 
Documents. 
 
E. Specific Limitations and Requirements.   Contractor’s Commercial General Liability and 
Excess/Umbrella Liability insurance must comply with each of the following: 
1) Contain no limitation or exclusion for resulting or consequential loss arising from property 
damage. 
2) Contain no limitation or exclusion for loss due to explosion, collapse, or underground 
property. 
3) Contain no limitation or exclusion for liability arising out of mobile equipment. 
4) Contain no limitation or exclusion for an additional insured’s vicarious liability, strict liability, 
or statutory liability including, without limitation, liability pursuant to New York’s labor laws. 
5) Contain no limitation or exclusion based on the existence of project-specific Owner’s interest 
general liability policy. 
6) Contain no professional liability exclusion applicable to services generally considered part of 
means and methods for a particular trade (i.e. , no more restrictive than ISO Form 22 79 07 
98) 
7) Include full severability of interests for insureds (i.e., no exclusion for cross -liability or 
insured-versus-insured applicable to suits between the Contractor and Owner or  Owner's 
Indemnified Parties). 
8) Contain no height restriction(s). 
F. Professional Liability Insurance. Professional Liability Insurance for any and all claims for bodily 
injury, property damage, and/or financial damages as a result of wrongful acts arising out  of the 
performance or failure to perform professional services in the amount not less than the greater of 
$1,000,000 or ten percent (10%) of the construction contract amount each claim/aggregate. The 
definition of professional services must be appropriate to include all professional services performed 
by or on behalf of the Contractor for the Owner Parties and/or at the Project. 
i. If written on a claims -made policy form, the policy retroactive date is to be on or before 
the first date of professional service s provided by or on behalf of the Contractor for the 
Owner Parties and/or at the Project. 
ii. Contractor is required to maintain professional liability, when required, and shall cause all 
subcontractors that are providing Design Services to maintain profession al liability 
coverage for the duration of the project and maintain coverage (or purchase an extended 
reporting period if coverage is not renewed) for a period not less than the later to occur of 
(i) six (6) years after final completion of the entire Work o r (ii) the applicable statute of 
repose for the jurisdiction where the Work is located. 
iii. Contactor is required to notify the Owner Parties of any claim or claims that erode the 
available aggregate limit by fifty percent (50%) or more. Owner Parties reserve the ability 
J-4

===== PAGE 167 =====
to require contractor to purchase additional coverage limits to restore the available limit of 
insurance to the amounts required in this Exhibit and/or the Contract Documents.    
 
G. Contractor’s Property Insurance .  Contractor , and Sub-subcontractors (of any tier)  shall be 
responsible for insuring its own tools, equipment, and facilities, including owned or rented mobile 
equipment.   
i. Contractor and Subcontractors and Sub-subcontractors (of any tier) will be responsible for 
insuring their own tools and equipment on an “All Risk Basis” covering physical damage 
to all tools and equipment, including automotive equipment, with limits at least high 
enough to provide for replacement of items necessary to complete the Work, other than 
those specifically insured by the Builder’s Risk Insurance Policy maintained by the Owner. 
 
H. Pollution Liability Insurance for any and all claims for damages due to pollution incidents arising 
out of construction operations of the project in the amount of not less than $2,000,000 per 
occurrence/aggregate.  This insurance shall be maintained during the course of the construction of 
the Project and completed operations coverage for a period not less than the later to occur of (i) six 
(6) years after final completion of the entire Work or (ii) the applicable statute of repose for the 
jurisdiction where the Work is located.  Such policy must be further endorsed to: 
i. Name the Owner Parties as additional insureds for both the ongoing and completed 
operations of the Contractor; 
ii. Stipulate that such insurance is primary and is not contributing with, any other insurance 
carried by, or for the benefit of the additional insureds; 
iii. Waive any and all right of subrogation against all of the Owner Parties; 
iv. Provide coverage for mold, fungi, and bacteria related claims arising out of the construction 
of the project; and 
v. Coverage shall be written on an occurrence basis. If occurrence-based coverage forms are 
not available to the Contractor and coverage is written on a claims -made policy form, the 
policy retroactive date is to be on or before the first date of operations are performed by or 
on behalf of the Owner Parties.  Claims made coverage will include a six (6) year extended 
reporting period after final completion of the work. 
vi. Contactor is required to notify the Owner Parties of any claim or claims that erode the 
available aggregate limit by fifty percent (50%) or more. Owner Parties reserve the ability 
to require contractor to purchase additional coverage limits to restore the available limit of 
insurance to the amounts required in this Exhibit and/or the Contract Documents. 
 
I. Crime or Fidelity Bond in the amount of $1,000,000, including third party crime coverage shall be 
maintained which insures against losses resulting from dishonest or fraudulent acts committed by any 
employees or agents of the Contractor. 
 
J. Additional Insured Coverage and Waiver of Subrogation.  Contractor shall ensure, and shall 
require all Subcontractors and Sub-subcontractors (of any tier) to ensure, that Owner, all Owner's 
Indemnified Parties, any lender providing financing to the Project and such other parties as Owner 
shall reasonably designate, including but not limited to Owner(s), Architect, Additional Insureds and 
Owner Parties (collectively referred to as “Additional Insureds” and/or “Owner Parties”) as 
additional insureds under Contractor’s the Commercial/Business Automobile Liability Insurance, 
Commercial General Liability policy, and Excess/Umbrella Liability insurance policy(s) specified 
J-5

===== PAGE 168 =====
above, and that the coverage afforded to the additional insureds  by each such policy be primary to, 
and non-contributory with, any other insurance maintained by the additional insureds, whether such 
other insurance is self -insurance, primary insurance, excess/umbrella insurance, or any other form 
of insurance.   
i. To the fullest extent permitted by law, the coverage afforded to the additional insureds shall 
be at least as broad as that afforded to the first named insured.  There shall be no limitation or 
exclusion of coverage for suits between the additional insureds and each other, or any other 
insureds. Each policy shall provide a waiver of subrogation in favor of the additional insureds.  
In the event that any applicable law or regulation limits the ability of Owner to require, or 
Contractor to provide, additional insur ed status as required herein, then contractor shall be 
required to comply with these provisions to the fullest extent permissible by such applicable 
law, and this Agreement shall be read to conform to such law. 
ii. With respect to Contractor’s primary Commerci al General Liability insurance, additional 
insured status shall be provided for liability out of premises/operations and completed 
operations via (i) ISO forms CG 20 10 04 13and CG 20 37 04 13; or (ii) ISO form CG 20 10 
11 85 unless otherwise agreed by Owner in writing. 
iii. Such required coverages set forth in this Agreement / Exhibit shall: (i) be obtained from, and 
maintained with, insurance carriers properly licensed to do business in all states required by 
the terms of this Agreement or placed in accordance  with applicable regulations governing 
surplus lines placements; (ii) be “primary” and non-contributing to any insurances maintained 
by Owner; and (iii) contain a separation of insured provision (severability of interest clause). 
iv. Notwithstanding anything t o the contrary in this Agreement, if a Contractor -Controlled 
Insurance Program (“CCIP”) is implemented and/or used to satisfy the Commercial General 
Liability and Umbrella/Excess Liability requirements herein, Owner, Additional Insureds and 
Owner Parties shall be included as named insureds on such policy. 
v. In the event that the law of the State in which the project is located (or applicable law) limits 
the additional insureds’ coverage or the scope thereof, then the contractor and/or its 
subcontractors (of any tier) shall be required to obtain additional insured coverage to the fullest 
extent of coverage and limits allowed by applicable law and this contract shall be read to 
conform to such law. 
vi. Additional Insured Coverage shall include coverage for independent contractors. 
vii. There shall be no prohibition or restriction of coverage for claims or suits between the General 
Contractor and any Additional Insured(s) ( e.g., “insured v. insured” exclusions or similar 
provisions), or such provisions shall be removed by endorsement prior to any Work beginning 
on the Project. 
viii. The Contractor shall ensure that the Commercial General Liability Coverage including all 
primary, excess and/or umbrella policies obtained by Contractor or a Subcontractor (of any 
tier) shall include the Owner, Architect and Owner Parties as Additional Insureds, and shall 
comply with the requirements of this Agreement / Exhibit  and shall not require privity of 
contract between any particular party(s) or entity(s) as a condition of coverage. 
ix. Additional Insured Coverage shall not be restricted to vicarious or statutory liability, unless 
required by applicable law.  
x. Coverage for Additional Insureds shall not be restricted, limited or reduced in any way by the 
failure of the named insured to comply with any Condition Precedent to Coverage under the 
Policy(s) and shall apply to all Additional Insureds as if they were the Named Insured.  
xi. Additional Insured coverage shall not be restri cted, limited, reduced or excluded by an 
J-6

===== PAGE 169 =====
Employee and/or Action Over Exclusion and the insured contract exception to the Employer’s 
Liability Exclusion may not be removed, amended, modified, limited or restricted in any way.   
xii. Contractor shall select reput able and financially sound insurers to underwrite the required 
coverages acceptable to the Owner.  In all instances, each insurer must be rated at least “A -” 
Class “VII” by A.M. Best.  If the insurer’s rating falls below “A-” Class “VII” during the term 
of the policy, the insurance must be replaced by the Contractor no later than the renewal date 
of the policy with an insurer acceptable to the Owner and having an “A -” Class “VII” rating 
by A.M. Best. 
xiii. Upon request of the Owner, the Contractor shall provide, or shall cause to be provided, 
information on the status of aggregate limit erosion of any applicable policy. 
xiv. The following shall be listed as additional insureds on all policies obtained by or on behalf of 
Contract or Subcontractors and Sub -subcontractors (of every tier) on a primary and non -
contributory basis with additional insured coverage, broad form only for ongoing and 
completed operations, to be provided for the following subject to the terms and conditions of 
the Contract Documents and this Insurance Exhibit: 
Joint Venture principals , and co -principals, disclosed or undisclosed nominees, 
individuals, firms, fiduciaries, estates or trusts, or any aff iliate or subsidiary company, 
including any partnerships, corporations, joint ventures, or other entities directly or 
indirectly controlled or managed by, or controlling or owning, directly or indirectly, any 
interest in, or property of, any Named Insured,  or any entity controlling or owning any of 
the foregoing. The foregoing shall include, without limitation, Bain Capital Holdings (GP), 
LLC and any direct or indirect subsidiary or affiliate thereof. 
2. COVERAGE AND LIMITS TO BE PROVIDED BY SUBCONTRACTORS: Contractor shall 
require Subcontractors and Sub -subcontractors (of every tier) to comply with the Worker's 
Compensation, Employer's Liability and Automobile Liability insurance provisions required of 
Contractor pursuant to this Contract. 
a. Professional Liability Insurance. Any Design -Build Professional retained by Contractor shall 
carry professional liability insurance for claims arising from the negligent performance of 
professional services  as detailed in this Exhibit and  under this Agreement in the amount of 
$2,000,000 per claim and $2,000,000 in the aggregate. 
b. Except as otherwise expressly agreed to in writing by the Owner, Contractor shall cause all 
Subcontractors to maintain Commercial General Liability Insurance on an occurrence basis with 
limits of $2,000,000 which may be accomplished through one policy or in a combination of a 
primary policy and follow form umbrella policy.  Contractor shall cause all Subcontractors and 
Sub-subcontractors (of every tier) to provide e vidence of such coverage to the Contractor which 
Contractor shall provide to Owner.  Contractor shall cause each Subcontractor to include the same 
additional insured requirements and certificates of insurance as noted in the Contract Documents 
for Contractor including, but not limited to, the provisions of this Exhibit. 
J-7
1. CSH West Orange, LLC
2. CSH West Orange Lessee, LLC
3. CSH VII Pool I, LLC
4. CSH TRS Holding VIII, LLC
5. Coral Senior Housing VII, LLC
6. Capitol Senior Housing JV VII, LLC
7. S. Scott Stewart
8. Lakeland Bank, ISAOA/ATIMA
9. CMG West Orange, LLC
10. Great Rock Asset Management, LLC
11.

===== PAGE 170 =====
3. PROPERTY INSURANCE  
a. Unless otherwise provided, the Contractor shall purchase and maintain, in a company or companies 
lawfully authorized to do business in the jurisdiction in which the Proje ct is located, property 
insurance written on a builder's risk "all -risk" or equivalent policy form in the amount of the initial 
Contract Sum, plus value of subsequent Contract modifications and cost of materials supplied or 
installed by others, comprising total value for the entire Project at the site on a replacement cost basis 
without optional deductibles, including any structures under construction, including any foundations, 
footings, false-work, temporary buildings, materials, supplies, fixtures, machi nery, equipment and 
other items which are to become a permanent part of the Project. Such property insurance shall be 
maintained, unless otherwise provided in the Contract Documents or otherwise agreed in writing by 
all persons and entities who are benefic iaries of such insurance, until final payment has been made 
as provided in Section [ ] or until no person or entity other than the Owner has an insurable interest 
in the property required by this Section [ ] to be covered, whichever is later. This insuranc e shall 
include interests of the Owner, its lender, the Contractor, Subcontractors and Sub -subcontractors in 
the Project. 
b. Property insurance shall be on an "all -risk" or equivalent policy form and shall include, without 
limitation, insurance against the perils of fire (with extended coverage) and physical loss or damage 
including, without duplication of coverage, theft, vandalism, malicious mischief, collapse, 
earthquake, flood, windstorm and earth movement, boiler and machinery, settling, cracking, and 
water backup from sewers or drains, falsework, testing and startup, temporary buildings and debris 
removal including demolition occasioned by enforcement of any applicable legal requirements, and 
shall cover reasonable compensation for Architect's and Contractor's services and expenses required 
as a result of such insured loss.  Coverage extensions shall include, but not be limited to, the 
following:  
i. 100% of completed value coverage, non‐reporting form;  
ii. soft cost endorsement;  
iii. permission to occupy before completion;  
iv. property in transit;  
v. property temporarily at other locations;  
vi. permission to extend policy term, pro rata;  
vii. building ordinance and law coverage endorsement;  
viii. agreed amount endorsement with no coinsurance; 
ix. Flood insurance if property is in a FEMA designated flood Zone A. 
x. Earthquake insurance on an as required basis by Owner. 
xi. Explosion, collapse and underground damage included. 
xii. Windstorm coverage on an as required basis by Owner. 
xiii. Coverage for domestic certified acts of terrorism. 
xiv. Waiver of subrogation to the extent that any loss is covered by insurance. 
xv. Coverage to be extended for existing buildings or structures to which improvements, 
alterations, repairs or additions are being made. 
xvi. Provide a ninety (90) day notice of cancellation and/or n on‐renewal, ten (10) days for non‐
payment of premium. 
xvii. Coverage for loss of business income for a minimum of one hundred twenty (120) days of 
lost income due to delay in completion. 
J-8

===== PAGE 171 =====
 
c. A deductible at no more than $10,000 is required for all losses except: flood, earthquake and windstorm 
which will be at $25,000. 
 
d. Waivers of Subrogation.  The Owner and Contractor waive all rights against (1) each other and any of 
their subcontractors, sub-subcontractors, agents and employees, each of the other, and (2) the Architect, 
Architect's consultants, separate contractors described in Article 1.1.5.25, if any, and any of their 
subcontractors, sub-subcontractors, agents and employees, for damages caused by fire or other causes 
of loss to the extent of actual recovery of a ny insurance proceeds by property insurance obtained 
pursuant to this Exhibit or the Contract Documents or other property insurance applicable to the Work, 
except such rights as they have to proceeds of such insurance held by the Owner as fiduciary. The Owner 
or Contractor, as appropriate, shall require of the Architect, Architect's consultants, separate contractors 
described in this Exhibit or the Contract Documents, if any, and the subcontractors, sub-subcontractors, 
agents and employees of any of them, by appropriate agreements, written where legally required for 
validity, similar waivers each in favor of other patties enumerated herein. The policies shall provide 
such waivers of subrogation by endorsement or otherwise. A waiver of subrogation shall be effective 
as to a person or entity even though that person or entity would otherwise have a duty of indemnification, 
contractual or otherwise, did not pay the insuran ce premium directly or indirectly, and whether or not 
the person or entity had an insurable interest in the property by damaged.  If during the Project 
construction period the Owner insures properties, real or personal or both, at or adjacent to the site b y 
property insurance under policies separate from those insuring the Project, or if after final payment 
property insurance is to be provided on the completed Project through a policy or policies other than 
those insuring the Project during the construction period, the Owner shall waive all rights in accordance 
with the terms of this this Exhibit or the Contract Documents for damages caused by fire or other causes 
of loss covered by this separate property insurance. All separate policies shall provide this w aiver of 
subrogation by endorsement or otherwise. 
4. GENERAL PROVISIONS – REQUIREMENTS FOR ALL LINES OF COVERAGE. 
a. Other Insurance .  If Contractor requests in writing that insurance for risks other than those 
described herein or insurance for special hazards b e included, Owner shall, if possible, obtain 
such insurance and the cost to Owner shall be reimbursed by Contractor. 
b. Limits of Insurance.  The limits of insurance provided by Contractor shall be the greater of the 
limits maintained in the normal course of Contractor’s business or the limits specified in this 
Exhibit.  The limits of insurance stated  in this Exhibit are  minimum limits only.  In the event 
Contractor’s policy provides greater limits, then the additional insureds shall be entitled to, or to 
share in, the full limits of such policy, and this Exhibit shall be deemed to require such full limits.  
In the event that any provided in compliance with this Exhibit states that the coverage provided 
to an additional insured shall be no broader than that req uired by contract, or words of similar 
meaning, the parties agree that nothing in this Agreement is intended to restrict or limit the breadth 
of such coverage. 
c. Self-Insured Retentions and Deductibles.   No policies shall be written with deductibles in 
excess of $10,000 unless authorized in writing in advance by the Owner.  Applicable deductibles 
of any policy required herein shall be the responsibility of the party procuring such coverage.  
d. No Limitation of Liability.  The parties acknowledge that maintenance of the insurance provided 
J-9

===== PAGE 172 =====
herein by Contractor, Subcontractor or Sub-Subcontractor (of any tier) shall not be a limitation of 
the liability of the party maintaining the insurance. 
e. Failure to Procure.  In the event that Contractor and/or any Subcontractor fails to procure any of 
the coverages required herein, Contractor agrees that Owner may procure the insurance and back-
charge the insurance premium and all costs associated with the procurement of the policy to 
Contractor.  This remedy is without prejudic e to or limitation of any other remedy available to 
Owner under the terms of this Agreement or Applicable Law. 
f. Each insurance policy required must be written through a carrier authorized to conduct business 
in the jurisdiction in which the project is located and such carrier must maintain an A.M. Best 
rating of no less than A-VII. 
g. The Contractor is solely responsib le for the payment of any and all premiums, deductibles or 
retentions under all of the insurance required herein unless the Owner specifically provides a 
written waiver to the Contractor. 
h. The policies shall be endorsed to require the carrier(s) to notify the Owner at least thirty (30) days 
prior to any cancellation or non -renewal of any required insurance ten (10) days’ notice for 
cancellation due to non-payment of premium.   
i. Evidence of Insurance.   All certificates and/or the complete policies of insurance  with all 
endorsements thereto, and all notices required pursuant to this Exhibit and the Contract 
Documents must be sent to the attention  of prior to being allowed entry onto Project site and 
anytime thereafter at owner’s written request: 
Capitol Seniors Housing 
Attn: Kyle Henderson 
1275 Pennsylvania Ave, NW  
Second Floor 
Washington, DC 20004 
Email: kyle.henderson@cshpe.com 
 
j. Receipt and review by the Owner or any other Owner Party of any copies of insurance policies or 
insurance certificates, or failure to request such evidence of insurance, shall not relieve the 
Contractor of its obligation to comply with the insurance provisions of the Contract Documents. 
 
k. The insurance provisions of the Contract Documents shall not be construed as a limitation on the 
Contractor's responsibilities and liabilities pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Contract 
Documents, including, but not limited to, liability for claims in excess of the insurance limits and 
coverages set forth herein, unless specifically provided otherwise in the Contract Documents.      
 
 
 
 
 
J-10

===== PAGE 173 =====
5. CONTRACTOR'S LIABILITY INSURANCE AND SUBCONTRACTOR DEFAULT 
INSURANCE 
 
A. The Contractor shall procure and maintain in effect during the term of this Agreement through at 
least Owner’s acceptance of the Project or the issuance of a Certificate of Occupancy, whichever 
is later, and as otherwise provided, the following insurance coverages described in this Exhibit. The 
parties acknowledge that the Contractor is including, as a Cost of the Work per the Contract 
Documents, a Contractor Controlled Insurance Program and Subcontractor Default Insurance 
Program or individual subcontracto r bonds. All such coverage(s) shall meet or exceed the 
requirements and provisions herein.  
 
B. The Contractor shall obtain payment and performance bonds from individual Subcontractors for all 
subcontracts in excess of $250,000 or as otherwise required by Owner.  Alternatively, at the 
Owner’s option, the Contractor shall obtain and provide Subcontrac tor Default Insurance (“SDI”) 
to cover the performance of the Subcontractors, Sub -subcontractors and Suppliers in connection 
with the Project, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Owner.  The cost of all such 
bonds or SDI shall be included in  the GMP.  Contractor shall propose to Owner, in writing, the 
minimum limits for any such SDI policy coverage including proposed minimum limits of per claim 
and in the aggregate for the Project, which are subject to Owner’s written approval.  The SDI policy 
must include a “Financial Interest Endorsement” for the benefit of the Owner, the Additional 
Insureds and any Lenders.  The cost of the SDI (if applicable) shall be in place of Subcontractors’ 
payment and performance bonds.  If bonds are utilized, a premium invoice from the subcontractor’s 
agent shall be provided which shall evidence with particularity the amount chargeable as a Cost of 
Work for this Project per the Contract Documents and Exhibits thereto, which must be approv ed 
by Owner in writing.   
 
C. In no event shall Owner be charged for any such payment and performance bonds and the SDI for 
the same Subcontractor.  The Contractor shall provide the Owner with access to and an opportunity 
to review the Contractor’s complete S DI policy, including, without limitation, all policy 
endorsements and forms, declarations page(s), exclusions, indirect cost coverage, deductibles, co-
pay requirements, Subcontractor prequalification requirements and procedures and  any 
documentation provided by a Subcontractor in response to such prequalification procedures.   In 
addition, Contractor shall provide the Owner with a statement from the SDI carrier and/or broker 
evidencing any erosion of the per occurrence or aggregate limits  upon Contract execution and 
thereafter at three (3) month intervals , upon any material changes to the remaining limits of such 
policy, and at Owner’s request.   
 
J-11

===== PAGE 174 =====
D. Contractor agrees, and shall demonstrate to Owner’s satisfaction, that only the relevant port ion or 
percentage of the SDI which pertains to this Project will be chargeable as part of Cost of Work and 
allocated to the Project and the GMP.  In no event will any portion or pro rata share of the cost of 
SDI maintained for other projects, work, sites, or operations as part of a rolling, global, or non -
project specific policy be included as part of the Cost of Work  as defined in this Agreement  or 
allocated to the Project and the GMP.  Contractor is solely responsible for ensuring that only the 
proper cost of SDI as set forth herein is allocated to the Project or chargeable to Owner, whether as 
Cost of Work, GMP, or otherwise.  In the event that there is a dispute over the cost, share, o r 
allocation of SDI, Contractor agrees that Owner may, at Contractor’s sole cost and expense, retain 
an outside expert to review, analyze, and audit Contractor’s documents and information related to 
the SDI and cost of same.  Contractor, to the fullest ext ent allowable by law, shall defend, 
indemnify, and hold Owner harmless for any and all actual or alleged claims, losses, damages, or 
breaches arising out of or related to any violation of this Article 5. 
 
E. The Contractor agrees that for any Subcontractor th at does not qualify for inclusion in the SDI 
program, the Contractor shall pay all costs arising from such Subcontractor’s default and shall save, 
defend, hold harmless, and indemnify the Owner from all claims arising from the default or 
termination of such Subcontractor. 
 
F.  Contractor shall (i) give the Owner prompt, written notice of any Subcontractor default that has 
occurred or is reasonably likely to occur and (ii) shall keep the Owner fully apprised of the status 
and amount of any SDI claim, including providing copies of all claim submissions, correspondence 
with the carrier, coverage determinations , and payouts, including any erosion of the limits of the 
SDI policy whether on an occurrence or aggregate basis as required in Section 5(C) above. 
 
G.  In the event of a default, at the Owner’s direction, exercised in the Owner’s reasonable discretion, 
the Contractor shall (i) deliver a notice of default to a Subcontractor and take such other actions as 
are necessary under the applicable Subcontract in connection with an event of default and (ii) make 
a claim under the SDI policy or Subcontractor bond(s) in connection with such default and 
diligently administer and pursue resolution of the claim.  If, after consultation between the Owner 
and the Contractor, the Owner requests that the General Contractor default a Subcontractor and the 
Contractor refuses to default such Subcontractor, the Contractor shall, at its sole cost and expense 
and without the use of the Contingency, be responsible for all costs, dam ages and delays arising 
from such Subcontractor’s default or failure to perform.  If after consultation between the Owner 
and Contractor, the Owner requests that the Contractor default a Subcontractor and the Contractor 
elects not to default such Subcontra ctor for default of performance, the Contingency may only be 
used if the Contractor demonstrates to Owner, in Owner’s reasonable discretion, that continued 
performance by the Subcontractor is in the best interests of the Project, including prosecution of 
the Work in accordance with the Project Schedule, relative to utilizing a replacement subcontractor 
and/or defaulting the subcontractor and allowing them to remain on the job while the claim is 
pending with the SDI carrier(s) , and Owner agrees to same in wr iting.  The General Contractor 
shall take such actions without regard to any applicable deductible under the SDI policy. 
 
J-12

===== PAGE 175 =====
H. Any defaults or claims in excess of the limits of bonds provided or SDI purchased and such limits 
eroded and not fully recovered shall  be paid by the General Contractor without an increase to the 
GMP.  The Contractor agrees that in the event any Subcontractor default exhausts either the per 
loss or aggregate limit purchased for the Project, the Contractor shall pay all costs arising from such 
Subcontractor’s default and shall save, defend, hold harmless, and indemnify the Owner from all 
claims arising from the default or termination of such Subcontractor regardless of limits purchased. 
 
6.  PERFORMANCE BONDS AND PAYMENT BONDS 
 
A.  The Owner shall have the right to require the Contractor to furnish bonds, subject to Owner’s 
approval, which cover Contractor’s faithful performance of the Contract and payment of obligations 
arising thereunder as stipulated in bidding requirements or specifically required in the Contract 
Documents on the date of execution of the Contract.  
 
B. Upon request of the Owner, Contractor shall purchase and maintain in full force and effect, a 
Performance and Labor and Materials Bond executed by a Surety (with a minimum rating of A.M. 
Best A), in favor of the Owner, as Obligee, on a standard AIA bond f orm, A312, subject to 
modifications and/or additions at Owner’s discretion prior to execution.  The Performance and Labor 
and Materials Bond is required at the time of that Contractor is awarded the Contract, and/or within 
three (3) days of execution of the Contract Documents, whichever is earlier, and must remain in full 
force and effect through the warranty and extended warranty periods.  The Performance and Labor 
and Materials Bond must be in an amount equal to one hundred percent (100%) of the Contract Price 
(as such may be amended by change orders if approved by Owner in writing) guaranteeing 
Contractor’s performance in full under the Contract, to the satisfaction of Owner.  The amount paid 
as Cost of Work for the bond is limited to the premium evidence d on an invoice from Contractor’s 
surety agent or broker. 
 
C. Upon the request of any person or entity appearing to be a potential beneficiary of bonds covering 
payment of obligations arising under the Contract, the Contractor shall promptly furnish a copy  of 
the bonds or shall permit a copy to be made to Owner and any additional oblige es as required for 
project financing, at no additional cost to Owner. 
 
 
 
J-13

===== PAGE 176 =====
US.352490247.02 
 
 
 
CONSTRUCTION MANAGER’S CONSENT AND ASSIGNMENT OF SUBCONTRACTS 
 THIS CONSTRUCTION MANAGER’S  CONSENT AND ASSIGNMENT OF 
SUBCONTRACTS (this “ Assignment”) is made thi s 20th day of March, 2023, by International 
Management Consultants, Inc. d/b/a IMC Construction (“ Construction Manager”), with a mailing 
address at 3 Great Valley Parkway, Suite 200, Malvern, Pennsylvania 19355, to LAKELAND BANK 
(“Lender”), with a mailing address at 250 Oak Ridge Road, Oak Ridge, New Jersey 07438. 
WITNESSETH THAT: 
 Pursuant to a contract dated [_____________] (the “Contract ”) between Construction 
Manager and CSH West Orange, LLC  (“Owner”), Construction Manager has agreed to perform 
certain services, as Lender of the Owner, in connection with Owner’s proposed development of a 
senior housing facility containing 83 units (a 92 -bed assisted living and memory care facility)  on 
a parcel of land containing approximately 3.3 acres l ocated at 609 Eagle Rock Avenue, Township of 
West Orange, Essex County, New Jersey (such construction activities, collectively, the “ Project”).  
According to representations by the Owner, the Lender has agreed to make a loan to Owner in the 
maximum principal amount of $27,577,019 (the “Loan”) pursuant to the terms of a loan and 
security agreement executed or about to be executed by Owner  and Lender (as the same may be 
amended, modified, supplemented or restated from time to time, the “Loan Agr eement”) for the 
purpose of financing Owner’s development and improvement of the Project.  Additional terms are 
defined on Exhibit A, attached hereto and made a part hereof. 
 As represented to Construction Manager by Owner, as security for repayment of the  Loan, 
Owner has executed and delivered or is about to execute and deliver to Lender a General Collateral 
Assignment (the “ General Collateral Assignment”) , pursuant to which Owner assigns to Lender , 
among other things, all of Owner’s right, title and interest in and to the Contract.  As a condition to 
advancing any proceeds of the Loan to Owner, Lender has required that Construction Manager execute 
and deliver this Assignment. 
 NOW THEREFORE, Construction Manager, in consideration of the Lender's agreement to 
extend the Loan to Owner and as security for all of Construction Manager’s obligations under the 
Contract, hereby represents and warrants to and agrees with Lender as follows: 
1. Construction Manager acknowledges Owner has advised Construction Manager that  
Owner has or will execute the General Collateral Assignment in favor of Lender, assigning in favor of 
Lender all of Owner’s right, title and interest in and to the Contract, and Construction Manager hereby 
consents to the same.  In addition, to the extent assignable, upon Construction Manager’s default under 
the Contract, Construction Manager hereby conveys, transfers, assigns and sets over unto Lender all 
of Construction Manager’s right, title, interest and privilege in, to and under any and all contracts and 
agreements, whether now in existence or hereafter entered into as Lender of the Owner: (a) with 
contractors, architects, engineers and other design professionals (including all rights of Construction 
Manager to all plans and specifications prepa red with respect to the Project) and other suppliers of 
services or materials  relating to the construction or operation of the Project; and (b) providing for 
payments to be made to Construction Manager by any person or entity in connection with the Project 
(including, without limitation, all warranties, guaranties and indemnities now or hereafter made by any 
person or entity relating to the Project). 
K-1
EXHIBIT K

===== PAGE 177 =====
US.352490247.02 
 
 2 
  
 
2. Lender, through its authorized representatives, shall at all reasonable times after 
reasonable notice, have access to the work to be performed under the Contract for purpose of making 
inspections, and no material extra work or changes (by altering, adding to or deducting from the work) 
shall be undertaken under the Contract except pursuant to a written authorization from Owner (as 
defined in the Contract) and Lender; nor shall the Contract otherwise be amended except with the prior 
written consent of Lender .  
It is understood that the Owner shall be responsible for obtaining all 
such approvals, authorizations, and consents of the Lender. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Lender’s 
consent shall not be required for (but Lender  shall promptly receive copies of) any change orders 
contemplated after the date of this Assignment that do not (i) extend the date for completion of the 
Project, (ii) involve an expenditure of $200,000 or more as to any individual change order, or (iii) 
involve, as to the aggregate of all change orders, an expenditure in excess of $1,000,000.
 
3. Construction Manager certifies that (i) the Contract is unmodified and in full force and 
effect, (ii) all fees and other sums required to be paid as of the date hereof under the Contract have 
been paid, (iii) to its knowledge, neither Owner nor Construction Manager is in default of the Contract, 
(iv) Construction Manager will not assign its rights and obligations under the Contract without the 
prior written consent of Lender and (v) it has no knowledge of any prior assignment of the Contract by 
Owner. 
4. Construction Manager agrees to give  to Lender at the address set forth in the caption 
to the attention of Roberto Camacho, copies of written notice of any material defaults by Owner under 
the Contract which Contractor sends to Owner, and agrees to give Lender, at the sole option of Lender, 
the right to cure any mat erial defaults by Owner under the Contract for a period of twenty (20) days 
after receipt by Lender of notice of such default (or such longer period after receipt of such notice , as 
mutually agreed to by the parties, as may be necessary to cure such default), during which period 
Construction Manager shall forbear exercising any right or remedy it may have with respect to such 
default; provided, however, that in no event shall Lender be obligated to cure any default by Owner 
under the Contract.  Construction Manager shall not terminate the Contract because Owner becomes 
bankrupt or insolvent, provided Construction Manager has and continues to receive all sums due in 
accordance with the terms of the Contract. 
5. Construction Manager agrees, upon the request of Lender, to complete construction of 
the work described in the Contract in accordance with the terms of the Contract, for the benefit of 
Lender, its successors and assigns, in the event of default by Owner under the Loan Agreement  
provided Construction Manager receives, or has received, and continues to receive, all sums due under 
the Contract as of the date of such request and thereafter. 
6. Construction Manager agrees that Lender shall at all times have the right, but not the 
obligation, to enforce, at Owner’s sole cost and expense, the performance or observance of each and 
every covenant, obligation and condition of the Contract to be performed or observed by Construction 
Manager.  Furthermore, in the event of any default by Owner occurring and continuing under the Loan 
Agreement, as confirmed to Construction Manager by written notice from Lender, Construction 
Manager agrees that Lender may elect to succeed to and exercise all of Owner’s rights and privileges 
and to assume all of Owner’s obligations under the Contract accruing from and after such notice and 
that Construction Manager shall be absolutely protected against Owner in proceeding in reliance on 
such notice from Lender. 
K-2

===== PAGE 178 =====
US.352490247.02 
 
 3 
  
 
7. Construction Manager agrees that Lender  shall have no liability or obligations to 
Construction Manager either under the Contract, the General Collateral Assignment, or otherwise, for 
any act or omission occurring prior to such time as Lender  elects in writing to as sume the future 
obligations of Owner under the Contract, and then only with respect to obligations accruing from and 
after such assumption.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Lender agrees that Construction Manager shall 
not be obligated to perform any servic es or complete construction of the work unless and until 
Construction Manager has received all sums then due, as of the date of the Lender’s election, under 
the terms of the Contract. 
8. Construction Manager agrees that during the course of construction and after receipt 
of notice of Owner’s default under the Loan Documents, Construction Manager shall deliver to Lender 
copies of such waivers and releases of liens by Construction Manager and received by Construction 
Manager by trade contractors engaged by Construction Manager, as provided for in the Contract.  Prior 
to or simultaneously with final payment under the Contract or after Construction Manager has received 
notice of Owner’s default under the Loan Documents, Construction Manager shall deliver to Owner, 
with a copy to Lender, a complete release of liens (or copy thereof) signed by Construction Manager 
and all its direct subcontractors and materialmen, if any. 
9. Construction Manager agrees that it will use its reasonable commercial efforts to 
include in each subcontract hereafter executed between Construction Manager, acting as Lender  of 
Owner, and a subcontractor performing work to be performed in connection with the Project shall 
include a provision whereby the subcontractor agrees that: (a) such subcontractor agrees to execute 
and deliver to Construction Manager, Owner and Lender, prior to final payment, a complete release of 
liens; (b) if Construction Manager, acting as Lender of Owner, or Owner materially defaults under the 
subcontract, the subcontractor shall give written notice to Owner and Lender specifying the material 
default and the steps necessary to cure such default, and Owner and/or Lender  shall have the right to 
cure any material defaults by Construction Manager or Owner under such subcontract for a period of 
thirty (30) days after receipt of such notice (or such longer period after receipt of such notice as may 
be necessary to cure such default) during which period the subcontractor shall forbear exercising any 
remedy it may have with respect to such default, it being understood that Owner and Lender shall have 
no obligation to cure any such defaults, and (c) following a default by Construction Manager under the 
Contract, at the requ est of Owner and/or Lender , the subcontractor will continue performance under 
the subcontract in accordance with its terms so long as the subcontractor shall be paid in accordance 
with the subcontract for all work, labor and materials furnished pursuant thereto, and, to the extent 
such contract is not freely assignable by Owner, will enter into a new subcontract with a contractor to 
be approved by Owner and Lender upon substantially the same term s and conditions as the original 
subcontract.  Construction Manager further agrees to furnish Lender upon request with a copy of each 
fully executed subcontract. 
10. Any notices to be sent by Construction Manager hereunder to Lender shall be in writing 
and sent via registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, or by express courier service 
guarantying overnight delivery, in either case to the address set forth in the caption or to such other 
address as Lender may hereafter designate by appropriate written notice to Construction Manager. 
11. Nothing herein contained shall be construed to impose upon any of the Secured Parties 
any duty to advance funds to Owner except upon and subject to the terms of the Loan Agreement, or 
to see to the application of the proceeds of the Loan.  Construction Manager acknowledges that it has 
K-3

===== PAGE 179 =====
US.352490247.02 
 
 4 
  
 
been informed that the Secured Parties are obligated under the Loan Agreement only to Owner and to 
no other person or entity. 
12. This Assignment shall be binding upon Owner and Construction Manager, and their 
respective successors and assigns, and shall inure to the benefit of the Lender, and its successors and 
assigns. 
13. This Assignment shall be governed by the laws of the State of New Jersey. 
[signature page follows] 
K-4

===== PAGE 180 =====
US.352490247.02 
 
 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Construction Manager  has caused this Assignment to be duly 
executed, under seal, the day and year first above written. 
 
Construction Manager: INTERNATIONAL MANAGEMENT 
CONSULTANTS, INC. d/b/a IMC 
CONSTRUCTION 
 
 
 
       By: _______________________ 
        Name:  Michael Lloyd 
        Title:    President 
 
 
 
Consented and Agreed to by Owner: 
 
CSH WEST ORANGE, LLC 
 
 
 
By:      
Name: Fred Moon 
Title:   Vice-President 
 
K-5

===== PAGE 181 =====
US.352490247.02 
 
 A-1 
  
 
EXHIBIT A 
ADDITIONAL DEFINED TERMS 
“Banking Services” means each and any of the following bank services provided to Borrower by the 
Lender or an Affiliate:  (a) commercial credit cards, (b) stored value cards and (c) treasury and/or cash 
management services (including controlled disbursement, automated clearinghouse transactions, 
return items, overdrafts and interstate depository network services). 
“Ba nking Services Obligations” means any and all obligations of Borrower, whether absolute or 
contingent and howsoever and whenever created, arising, evidenced or acquired (including all 
renewals, extensions and modifications thereof and substitutions therefor) in connection with Banking 
Services. 
“A
ffiliate ” means, with respect to a specified Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through 
one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person 
specified, including, but not limited to, an entity in which such Person owns more than ten percent 
(10%) of the equity interests. 
“Cont rol ” means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of 
the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by 
contract or otherwise.  “Controlling” and “Controlled” have meanings correlative thereto. 
“Hedging Contracts” means interest rate swap agreements, interest rate cap agreements and interest 
rate collar agreements, or any other agreements or arrangements entered into between the Borrower 
and any Lender (excepting interest rate cap agreements, which may be entered into with a Qualified 
Financial Institution) and designed to protect the Borrower against fluctuations in interest rates or 
currency exchange rates, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to Lender. 
“H
edging Obligations ” means, with respect to the Borrower, all liabilities of the Borrower to any 
Lender under Hedging Contracts. 
“Inde mnitee ” means Lender and each Lender, and each Related Party of Lender or any Lender. 
“Loan Documents” means the Loan Agreement, Promissory Note executed by Borrower in favor of 
Lender, the Mortgage and Security Agreement of even date with the Loan Agreement executed by 
Borrower in favor of Lender , as amended, modified, restated or replaced from time to time , the 
Assignment of Leases and Rents of even date with the Loan Agreement executed by Borrower in favor 
of Lender, as amended from time to time , any and all any Completion Guaranty Agreement s, in the 
form of required by the Loan Agreement in favor of Lender, as amended from time to time, that certain 
Environmental Indemnity Agreement of even date with the Loan Agreement  in favor of Lender, as 
amended from time to time , the Property Manager Subordination Agreement of even date with the 
Loan Agreement executed by property manager in favor of Lender, as amended from time to time, and 
any and all other documents now or hereafter executed by Borrower, CSH West Orange Lessee, LLC, 
any present or future, direct and indirect subsidiaries of Borrower, or any other guarantor of the 
Obligations or any portion thereof evidencing, guarantying, or securing or otherwise expressly stating 
it relates to the Obligations; provided, however, that Hedging Contracts between Borrower and Lender 
or Affiliate of Lender shall not constitute Loan Documents. 
K-6

===== PAGE 182 =====
US.352490247.02 
 
 A-2 
  
 
“Obligations” means all unpaid principal of and accrued and unpaid interest on the Loan, all accrued 
and unpaid fees and all expenses, reimbursements, indemnities and other obligations of Borrower to 
the Lender or any indemnified party arising under the Loan Documents, and all Banking Services 
Obligations. 
“Pe rson ” means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, 
association, company, partnership, government of the United States of America, any other nation or 
any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, 
regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, 
taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions  of or pertaining to government, 
or other 
entity. 
“Q ualified Financial Institution” means a financial institution with a long term corporate debt rating of 
at least “A” from Standard and Poor’s Rating Group or a comparable rating by a rating agency 
acceptable to Lender. 
“R elated Parties ” means, with respect to any specified Person, such Person’s Affiliates and the 
respective directors, officers, employees, agents  and advisors of such Person and such Person’s 
Affiliates. 
“S ecured Obligations ” means (i) all Obligations, (ii) all Banking Se rvice Obligations and (iii) all 
Hedging Obligations, whether now existing or hereafter arising, of Borrower arising under or in 
connection with Hedging Contracts with Lender or its Affiliates, 
K-7

===== PAGE 183 =====
EXHIBIT L 
 
(To be provided) 